MEDICATIONS: Phenobarbital, Ativan drip, Dilantin, Cardizem. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. A system with seizure and spike detection is deployed. The recording begins at 17:38 after the patient has received seizure medications. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The patient is initially somewhat agitated. 
The first seizure is identified at 17:47 which comes out of the left hemisphere and is characterized by repetitive theta activity and fast activity. The seizure abates at 17:39, but there is still some fast activity, and the seizure is more clearly over at 17:49:29. The next seizure is at 17:52 and seems to emerge with these triangular-shaped waves in the left parietal region followed by the appearance of faster frequency activity, left parietal occipital and then rhythmic theta out of the left hemisphere involving parietal and temporal regions. This evolves to a focus that is really generous field of spread, left central parietal, P3 maximum. Clinical features include head rocking. There is an event at 18: 05 characterized by agitation. The patient seems to be also jerking but is consolable, and more subtle sharp waves are observed on the left. Ativan is given at 18:15. Some epileptiform activity persists following this. The patient received additional sedative hypnotic medications. She is intubated at 19:00. Phenobarbital is started at 19: 14:54. The EEG at this point is much lower voltage. There is some beta activity. The epileptiform activity on the left is lower voltage, more subtle, and not evolving. The camera is now on the patient's equipment rather than on the patient. By report, there are increasing problems with agitation reported, although the EEG suggests a very slow pattern with the left hemispheric sharp waves low voltage really maximum in the parietal region. Movement or agitation is identified at 20:18, and Ativan drip is initiated at 20:30. The patient is back on camera at that time. She is not seizing at 20:30 when the Ativan is started. She simply appears to be agitated. By 21:51 her agitation results in a loss of electrodes. Over the course of the night, the patient is increasingly agitated, moving all extremities, and the electrodes are lost. Recording resumes at 8:50 a.m. The pattern at this time includes generous beta frequency activity for an intubated patient on an Ativan infusion. The left parietal sharp waves are observed. As the patient's sedation is reduced, she becomes more agitated. The background is more continuous. Focal slowing with arrhythmic delta on the left is observed. In addition, there is a beta asymmetry with more generous beta from the right. No additional seizures are identified. 
HR: 120 bpm and irregular 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Recurrent seizures from the left hemisphere with variable maximum in the initial hours of the recording. 
2. Left parietal sharp waves. 
3. Interhemispheric asymmetry with greater beta on the right compared to the left. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG is compatible with: 
1. Resolution of status epilepticus. 
2. Pharmacologic sedation. 
3. Structural process on the left which is epileptogenic in nature Seizures for this individual in multiple different localizations. The very first seizure looked as if it was maximum on the right, but it did not include the seizure initiation. Correlation with imaging is important. 