MEDICATIONS: Dilantin and Tylenol.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record.  This is this child’s third EEG.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In maximal wakefulness, there is a 6.5 Hz posterior dominant rhythm, which is symmetric and reactive.  There are portions of the record when the child is awake when the background is appropriately organized for age.  
The major abnormalities in this record include complex epileptiform activity, which can be best viewed at fast paper speed of six seconds per page and/or average reference.  These include spike and slow wave complexes, which are high in amplitude and sometimes seem almost electropositive in the mid-temporal region, but in most of the montages are maximum at C3.  They are variable with some having a much more generous field of spread to the frontocentral region or left hemisphere and others more restricted.  They are picked up by volume conduction in the contralateral hemisphere.  In addition, there are some generalized frontally predominant spike and slow wave discharges, some of which are 3.5 to 4 Hz, but which are slightly irregular.  As the child drifts off to sleep, marked background slowing is observed and prominent, high amplitude slow spike and wave complexes are identified.  These are picked up in the frontocentral region, but more so on the left.  
As the child drifts off to sleep, he is lying on his side, away from the camera and towards his mother.  Initially, he seems to have jerking forward of the head.  Subsequently, he seems almost to be having a salaam-like seizure as he drifts off to sleep, jerking towards his mother with his arms coming up a little bit.  This seems to elicit an arousal from sleep.  The epileptiform activity is high in amplitude, but some sections of the sleep record seem to demonstrate a sleep pattern that is remarkable for prominent attenuation of the typical morphologies in sleep with this high amplitude spike and slow wave pathology, most prominent in the frontal regions and again with an unusual field but with more of a predominance to the left hemisphere.  The child does fall off to sleep at 12:51. 
HR:  114 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	Prominent epileptiform activity with complex epileptiform activity, slow spike and wave activity, and focal spike and slow wave activity, but activity that on the whole raises concerns about a process involving the left hemisphere. 
	Concerns that the background activity in sleep is slower than expected particularly in the frontocentral regions, left greater than right.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: These findings must be correlated with imaging and clinical exam at this juncture.  They differ from the two previous EEGs, which were not successful in identifying epileptiform activity. 