MEDICATIONS: Depakote and Topiramate.  
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit. During this portion of the record, the patient recalls no seizures.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: There are practice push buttons at 8:24, 12:02, but there is a seizure time of 8:52:58.  The patient is in bed.  The first possible seizure-related behavior is at 8:52:24.  The first thing she does at 8:52:25 is to push the table away, which we have seen her do in other seizures.  She looks to the left where everything is, as if she is going to get out of bed, and she appears a bit frantic but her actions are purposeful.  The table seems to be getting stuck and she leans forward.  Her actions are still purposeful, but at 8:52:55, she is reaching for the push button.  She puts her legs back in bed, puts her hands in her lap.  She demonstrates the rhythmic hand movements and the screams seen in previous seizures.  In this seizure, she ends up lying towards the side of the bed with her face in the corner in the cushioning material and her legs are extended outside of the bed.  Consequently, much of the motor behaviors for the seizure is not apparent on the camera and seems to be taken up by the mattress and the cushion.   She remains face down at 8:53:27 when the nurse comes to ask her, “Are you okay?”  The nurse finds her poorly responsive at 8:53:47, but by 8:58:52, she is starting to move around and come out of the seizure. 
The EEG with this one minute, 30 second event is characterized by no clear change with the initial behavior.  At 8:52:57, as she is pushing the alarm, there is movement.  It is difficult to see the posterior dominant rhythm, and there is no clear ictal change. There is a change in the EEG, but not adequately localized and clear disruption of the activity just at the start of the push button.  Using a filter, it is not really possible to see an underlying EEG change throughout the entire event.  At 8:53:15, however, there is clearly a change in the EEG as the muscle activity begins to wane with theta frequency activity seen in the background.  This activity seems to be most intense in the right temporal region and seems to be slower on the left.  This observation is made essentially one minute after the first behavioral change.  As the nurse walks in, the seizure seems to be maximal on the right, but the characteristic behavior – pushing the tray away – was seen a minute earlier.  By 8:53:45, the EEG seems to be making a transition to a postictal phase with rhythmic theta, although there seems to be an underlying right frontotemporal spike and slow wave complex picked up at 8:53:55, just as the seizure ends.  As the recording continues, there is some rhythmic theta with a left temporal phase reversal and there is both eye artifact, but there is an underlying left temporal spike focus seen in the postictal recording.  
PATIENT EVENT – TIME 22:19: The patient is in bed lying flat.  She has a single channel EEG artifact at T1.  Despite this, there is clear focal slowing from the left temporal region.  The patient is asleep and this seems to be an accidental push button.  
 
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: During this section of the record, 1:23 to 1:24, there are no additional seizures recorded.  The patient is reloaded on her seizure medicines.  There are portions of the awake and drowsy record with left temporal theta, but overall there is less epileptiform activity as seen in other portions of the record.  


