MEDICATIONS: Lamictal, Valproate, and Zonisamide.
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: In wakefulness, the background EEG is somewhat slow with an 8 to 9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm.  There are intermittent spike and slow wave complexes identified from the left temporal region.  These become much more prominent in sleep particularly around 5:00 AM and occur in trains.  They wax and wane and appear to be almost a subclinical seizure in sleep, but in other portions of the record they don’t seem to have the same paroxysmal ending that one might expect in a true ictal discharge.  They commonly occur in pairs, clusters, 7 seconds, 10 seconds, or longer. Vertex waves, K complexes, and spindles are seen in stage II sleep, and the epileptiform activity persists into stage II sleep.  
 
HR:  90 BPM.
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, January 21, 2006 to January 22, 2006
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit.  There are multiple push buttons, but there are no seizures noted by the patient, nurses, or computer. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, there is a great deal of muscle and movement artifact, but on rare occasions, left anteriotemporal spike and slow wave activity can be seen.  The vast majority of the epileptiform activity occurs in stage II sleep, with at times trains of high amplitude left anteriotemporal spike and wave complexes typically of 60 msc in duration or less.  They may be high amplitude, greater than 100 uV.  Intermittently, particularly in the drowsy record, there is some rhythmic focal slowing from the left mid-temporal region.  Rare, deeper stages of sleep are identified. 
HR: N/A.
IMPRESSION: This continuous video EEG monitoring is remarkable for:
	Prominent, left anteriotemporal spike and slow wave discharges best identified in sleep, but when the patient is resting comfortably, these can be seen in wakefulness.  No clinical seizures were observed, although there were some prolonged trains.  One example of the awake spike is at 23:48:44, but these do not evolve and because of this, it doesn’t trigger the computer and no testing is done to assess responsiveness.  