MEDICATIONS: Percocet, blood pressure medications, and others. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the Long-Term Monitoring Unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is fairly well organized with an 8 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a moderate amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  A noisy environment persists throughout the night, disrupting the patient’s night sleep.  Deeper stages of sleep and stage II sleep are not achieved.  
EVENTS: No push button events were recorded by the patient.  Numerous computerized spike detections failed to detect true spikes, but rather are evoked by muscle artifact.  
In the initial portions of the record, the patient avoids using her right hand.  There are several events where the patient is moving her right arm at 4:37 PM, 5:26 PM, 9:21 PM on December 20, and on December 21 at 0:58 AM, 5:25 AM, 7:01 AM, and 7:29 AM.  
At 5:05 AM, there is a single left temporal sharply contoured delta identified throughout the record.  The patient has occasional bursts of FIRDA whenever she goes off to sleep.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: A well-organized background is clearly identified, as well as a posterior dominant rhythm and a fair amount of muscle activity.  Stage II sleep is achieved and characterized by vertex waves, K complexes, spindles, and POSTS.  Occasional bursts of FIRDA were seen whenever the patient fell asleep.  In some sections of the record, the patient’s sleep is disrupted with frequent arousals that follow a loud, intermittent noise that is transmitted to the patient’s room. 
HR:  60 to 80 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: No epileptiform activity was seen and no seizures were recorded.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: In this patient with a questionable right upper extremity paresis, there are clear, intermittent purposeful movements of the right hand, which reaches near full strength.  No seizures were seen although there was a single left temporal sharply contoured delta, which is non-specific and of unclear clinical significance given its single occurrence.  