MEDICATIONS: Ativan, Phenobarbital. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. As the tracing opens the patient has just been jerking. She has just received sedative hypnotic medications and is quite lethargic. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The initial section of the record demonstrates a pattern relatively typical for a term infant, slightly low voltage, with a bit of trache alternans. There are occasional frontal temporal sharp waves noted in the record. There are a handful of couplets of sharp waves at C4 or C3, as well as vertex activity, but they are not associated with any involuntary movements. 
As the recording continuous, tactile stimulation of the infant elicits an arousal pattern with a bit more of a continuous rhythmic theta pattern. With tactile stimulation, the infant has somewhat jerking movements in the legs, but none with an epileptiform pattern. 
This EEG is recorded in 2 sections after equipment issues. Generous beta is noted in the record with vertex waves. 
By the end of the record, there is a suggestion of asynchronous vertex waves, but no 
definitive or pathological epileptiform sharp waves In the central regions. At the end of the record, there seems to be some movement artifact while the nurse is touching the baby. The infant is carefully examined to determine if infant is trembling or not. The rhythmic theta artifact is produced, but tactile stimulation also produces an alerting response in baby. 
HR: 132 bpm 
IMPRESSION: This EEG is within normal limits for an infant of this gestational age who has just received reasonably large doses of sedative hypnotic medications. The appropriate developmental milestones were identified. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded. There are some sharp waves in this record, but some sharp waves are permissible for an infant of this age. The overall synchronicity is acceptable for an infant of this age. If there are any additional questions, a follow up study may be obtained as an outpatient. 