MEDICATIONS: Tegretol and multivitamins. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were completed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG includes a symmetric, well-formed 10 Hz posterior dominant rhythm reaching 70 V.  Unfortunately, there is some head-rocking artifact in the posterior regions in quiet wakefulness.  Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record of 3 to 5 Hz.  In addition, there are bursts of occipitally predominant delta in hyperventilation and some occipitally predominant spike and slow wave complexes can be identified.  The localization of the activity can be again reviewed using transverse montages and the activity seems to be again symmetric but sometimes with phase reversal in the occipital rather than the frontal regions.  Even at the end of hyperventilation, there are also frontally predominant spike and slow wave complexes.  The response to hyperventilation is overall, high amplitude.  On one or two occasions, towards the close of hyperventilation, the activity appears to be a bit more prominent using some montages of slightly higher amplitude in the right occipital region compared to the left, but the spike that precedes the wave is discreet.  Following hyperventilation, as the patient becomes drowsy, there is some occipital predominant slowing.  This is followed by vertex waves as the patient goes to sleep.  As the patient drifts off to sleep, the occipitally predominant spike and slow wave is again at 3 to 5 Hz, but sometimes demonstrates a maximum again just to the right of midline.  The patient drifts in and out of stage II sleep.  
In photic stimulation, there is some sharply contoured delta activity in the right mid-to-posterior temporal region.  No driving response was seen. 
HR:  66 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Frontally predominant 3 to 5 Hz spike and slow wave pattern, which is relatively conventional in appearance, but is seen infrequently in this record. 
The most prominent is a occipitally predominant spike and slow wave process of 3 to 5 Hz, which tends to be more remarkable on the right compared to the left.  
Right mid-to-posterior temporal sharp waves. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This patient’s epileptiform activity has shown variability over time and ____________ physicians have felt that she might have had a generalized versus a focal mechanism for epilepsy.  The results described above are similar to previous studies and reflect the complexity of her epileptiform discharges.  No seizures were recorded. 