CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a __-year-old female with epilepsy since age seventeen, last seizure perhaps two years ago.  
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is abnormal and demonstrates excess background theta with a posterior dominant rhythm reaching a maximum of 8 Hz.  There are bursts of sharply contoured delta activity identified, sometimes synchronously in the temporal regions, but more commonly maximum in the left temporal region with some spread to the right.  There seems to be an underlying sharp wave with variable maximum at T1 or T3 in the discharges.  Typical discharges are just under three seconds in duration and clearly involve T1, T3, occasionally C3, and F7.  With the use of an average reference, they seem to be maximum at F7/T3.  Occasionally, the bursts are picked up on the right, and there are occasional subtle bursts of sharp waves in the left frontal region.  The bursts of delta are accentuated by hyperventilation.  Following hyperventilation, as the patient becomes drowsy, the background demonstrates more rhythmic background slowing.  The patient seems to drift into stage I sleep with occasional vertex waves.  The focal features seen in the left temporal region persists into sleep, but the patient also has multiple spontaneous arousals from sleep.  
Photic stimulation elicits a minimal driving response. 
HR:  75 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Excess background slowing with slowing of the posterior dominant rhythm. 
Bursts of sharply contoured delta, typically more maximum from the left but sometimes seen from the right with a suspicious underlying sharp wave. 
Rare, more clearly defined sharp waves identified in the left mid-to-anterior temporal regions, and on a handful of occasions in the left frontocentral region.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a diffuse disturbance of cerebral function affecting both gray and white matter, as well as raising the possibility of a localization–related mechanism for this patient’s epilepsy.  Correlation with imaging may be valuable. 


