CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 41-year-old, right-handed woman with refractory epilepsy since childhood and cognitive impairment; last seizure one month ago.  
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Tegretol. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is somewhat poorly organized with a theta frequency pattern.  There is a posterior dominant rhythm of approximately 6 Hz.  There is superimposed focal slowing identified from the right hemisphere with primarily right anterior temporal sharp and slow wave complexes, as well as some unusual bursts of slowing from the right hemisphere and a sharp wave with an unusual field of spread including T6, P4, and O2 but with some bilateral occipital representation.   Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record producing bursts of rhythmic frontal delta, clearly accentuating the focal epileptiform activity from the right hemisphere particularly right frontocentral and frontotemporal.  In addition, there is poly spike and slow wave activity picked up in the right centrotemporal region.  As this activity builds up just after the close of hyperventilation, the patient is confused.  The replay of this works on the scroll but not on the typical video mode, but the patient remains confused briefly with an EEG essentially obscured by muscle and movement artifact.  The initial changes in the EEG in hyperventilation are seen at 15:53:26.  The clinical testing with the patient demonstrating confusion is at 15:57:33.  The tech notes at 15:59:55 that the patient is following commands, but the EEG appears to be slower with additional epileptiform activity identifiable at 16:45.  The overall background appears to be slower with the accentuation of the epileptiform activity including right hemispheric spike and slow wave activity with bursts of bilateral frontal delta identified during photic stimulation, which is performed at 16:05.  No driving response is seen to photic stimulation.  Another episode of chewing at 16:09:24 occurs, but this is brief and does not appear to be a seizure.
HR:  84 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
A seizure was identified, which was difficult to localize coming out of this abnormal background during hyperventilation, but seems to emanate from the right hemisphere.
Right hemispheric, right temporal, right central and parietal epileptiform activity with a complex field of spread.
Focal slowing from the right.
Generalized background slowing. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing is diagnostic of an underlying seizure disorder.  Additional recording may be helpful to provide better localization for this individual’s seizures. 


