CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 26-year-old male who presents with increased seizure frequency in January. History of complex partial seizures starting in his early 20s.  Patient’s father also has a similar history of seizures, but is well controlled.  
MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Topamax, and Dilantin.  Keppra was stopped on the first day of this patient’s long-term monitoring and Zonisamide was initiated at a small dose.  
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the Long-Term EEG Monitoring Unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. No push buttons events or seizure episodes were reported.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is symmetric. There is a 10 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  At times, bursts of generalized activity, sometimes starting in the left or right hemisphere were observed.  Sometimes the bursts of generalized activity started in the frontal area, but most often in the T5 and O1 areas.  The burst activity included sharp and slow waves, sharply contoured activity, or rhythmic-like, periodic sharp and slow wave activity. Occasionally, fast rhythmic delta activity was seen in the frontal region.  Some sharp waves were also seen in the F4 area.  No clinical seizures were correlated.  
EVENTS:  No push buttons were pressed and no clinical seizures were recorded.  
Long-Term Monitoring, 2/10/04 to 2/11/04
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG continues in the Long-Term EEG Monitoring Unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were not performed.  This is an awake and asleep record.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is symmetric. There is a 10 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  At times, a burst activity lasting two to three seconds starting at T5 and O1 and sometimes at FP2 and F4 were observed. Occasionally, fast activity together with rhythmic delta activity is seen in the frontal region.  The burst activity is generalized or alternatively starts from the left or right hemispheres. Sleeping is evidenced of slow rolling eye movements, vertex waves, and spindles.  No clinical seizures were correlated.  
EVENTS: At 15:05:27 the patient is lying on the bed and talking with the nurse.  Initially, he responded normally, but then stopped talking and kept quiet.  The nurse did not realize that the patient was having a seizure, but the EEG demonstrated sharp and slow waves starting from the left central and temporal areas and generalized.  The generalized sharp and slow wave activity became rhythmic or periodic.  The patient stayed in the bed quietly and with some posturing such as shifting his head to look left or right and pretending to dry his hands twice.  Most often, he sat quietly in bed and turned his head to the right.  The background continued to have periodic slow bursts of about two to four seconds.  The EEG returned back to baseline at 15:08:37.  At that time, the patient still seemed to be confused because he did not answer questions and just looked at the nurse.   
Long-Term Monitoring, 2/11/04 to 2/12/04
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG continues in the Long-Term EEG Monitoring Unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were not performed.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is symmetric. There is a 10 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  Bursts of generalized activity, sometimes originating from the left or right hemispheres were observed.   At times, the burst activity starts from the right hemisphere, but at other times can start in the left hemisphere.  Sleeping is evidenced of slow rolling eye movements, a mixture of brain wave frequencies, vertex waves, and spindles.  
EVENTS:  One event was detected during this long-term monitoring.  At 09:43:08, while the doctor was on the phone in the room, the patient was sitting in front of the doctor confused.  At 09:43:14, starting from the right central area, the rhythmic slow theta activity was followed by generalized burst activity and diffuse delta activity.  The patient is still sitting on the bed, looking at the doctor, and could not understand or answer the questions posed to him correctly.  The diffuse slowing delta pattern continued until 09:48:21 when the amplitude decreased and the background returned to baseline. At that time, he still seemed to be confused, but no clinical or physical seizures were observed. 
Long-Term Monitoring, 2/12/04 to 2/13/04
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG continues in the Long-Term EEG Monitoring Unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were not performed.  This is an awake and asleep record.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is symmetric. There is a 10 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  At times a burst of generalized activity starting from the left or right hemisphere is observed.  Occasionally, sharp wave activity with slowing is seen in the right posterior temporal area, as well as the left frontocentral area. Sleeping is evidenced of slow rolling eye movements, vertex waves, and spindles.  The burst activity can also be seen in wakefulness and during sleep.  
EVENTS: There were no push button events and no clinical seizures recorded during this portion of the record.  
HR:  78 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal long-term EEG due to:
Bursts of sharp and slow activity generalizing or starting from the left or right hemisphere. 
Two seizures each with a slightly different pattern, poorly localized by scalp EEG, but perhaps localizing to the right frontal region.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: Two seizure episodes were recorded with EEG correlates and started from the right hemisphere suggesting an epileptogenic focus and supporting a partial mechanism for epilepsy in this patient.  However, the burst activity, either generalized or coming from the left or right hemisphere, as well as individual sharp waves or slow waves found in the left posterior area, right central area, or left frontal area together with fast activity with rhythmic slow activity in the frontal area may reflect or suggest a multifocal epileptic mechanism or interrupted with thalamocortical interaction.  In addition, the two seizures recorded showed a different epileptic pattern.
In summary, this EEG identifies a complex mechanism of epileptogenesis in this patient: additional studies are warranted to provide further localization.  


