CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 37-year-old woman with epilepsy since age 16 and a seizure in a department store.
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG is somewhat poorly organized with an 8 Hz posterior dominant rhythm identified bilaterally and excess background theta for age.  There is some subtle head rocking in the left posterior temporal region, but without definitive focal slowing.  There are, however, rare bursts of shifting arrhythmic delta activity.  The patient is often drowsy.  Just prior to photic stimulation, there is a discrete left anterior temporal spike and slow wave followed by a complex with subsequent left anterior temporal sharp and slow wave activity and then frontal spike and slow wave activity with maximum on the left, but clear spread to the right.  This occurs prior to photic stimulation, which does not elicit a driving response, and this discharge is not seen again in photic stimulation.   Following photic stimulation, there is focal theta from the left anterior temporal region with again a discrete spike and slow wave activity with a discrete spike and slow wave complex identified.   Immediately following this, the patient reaches sleep with vertex waves and spindles, although the field of the vertex activity is somewhat unusual.  In sleep, there are again more clearly defined left anterior temporal sharp and slow wave complexes with a phase reversal at 7/T3.  Hyperventilation increases the amplitude of the background, as well as producing some bilateral slowing.  It also appears to accentuate focal slowing from the left hemisphere including the left frontotemporal region and questionably the left posterior temporal region.  There are a handful of sharply contoured bursts identified in hyperventilation from the left mid-to-anterior temporal region. 
HR:  90 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Background slowing and disorganization.
Epileptiform activity from the left hemisphere, typically from the left temporal region but with variability in terms of morphology, localization, and spread with some bursts of activity spreading into the frontal regions, left greater than right.
Question left posterior temporal focal slowing. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a partial mechanism for epilepsy.  Correlation with the patient’s imaging may be helpful.  


