CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 55-year-old male with epilepsy.  Patient had one event during the EEG characterized by tenseness with eyes opened, not focused, mild tremulousness of body and legs, and unable to respond to questions during the event.  The patient was somewhat confused for 1.5 minutes afterwards. 
MEDICATIONS: Tegretol, Norvasc, Lasix, and Lipitor.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In maximum wakefulness, the background EEG is well organized with a 9 Hz, 30 V posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  Photic stimulation is performed early on in the record.  A brief driving response is seen, but as the patient relaxes a little bit further, subtle left temporal slowing is seen.  Hyperventilation is performed subsequently and the subtle focal features can be identified.  A seizure occurred following hyperventilation and post-hyperventilation.  Post-hyperventilation, the focal slowing gradually increases 20 seconds after the onset of hyperventilation.  The seizure onset is at 14:08:37 with no clinical signs, but high amplitude spike and slow wave activity with rhythmic delta and then high amplitude delta and sharply contoured delta with a clear phase reversal at T1.  The patient starts to arouse at 14:08:57, opening his eyes and then stiffening.  He is slightly tremulous and demonstrates chewing movements.  The activity makes the transition to repetitive alpha frequency activity and then 5 Hz frequency activity by 14:09:17.  The activity begins to slow and ends at 14:09:38 for an approximate one-minute seizure duration.  The background EEG demonstrates postictal slowing in the minutes that follow, which gradually resolves.  The patient is unable to speak during the seizure and in the postictal period he nods his head from side to side.  He has a relatively lengthy postictal period including almost all the way to the end of the record.  Over time, he becomes increasingly able to speak, although initially he answers all questions with “uhm-uhm” noise.  Over time, he can answer questions, but has difficulty performing simple tasks.  
HR:  94 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Left temporal seizure, relatively well characterized by scalp EEG.
Left temporal focal slowing with rare sharp waves.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: Diagnostic of a partial mechanism for epilepsy. 


