CLINICAL HISTORY: 28 year old male with relatively recent onset epilepsy characterized by 
shaking spells without loss of consciousness or without postictal state. Patient was transferred 
from inpatient psychiatry at Friends Hospital due to multiple recurrent shaking spells. History of 
depression, suicidal ideation, and chronic pain. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Keppra, Dilaudid, Fentanyl, Lovenox, Protonix 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of 
electrodes placement with 1 channel of EKG. Patient has a push button alarm to record events. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The initial 24 hours of the EEG are remarkable for a normal 
waking pattern with a 9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm. Abundant stage 2 sleep is characterized 
by vertex waves, K-complexes, and spindles. This patient appears to be relatively drowsy and is 
sleeping during the day. 
HR: 84 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Normal EEG 
LONG TERM MONITORING 11/22/09-22/23/09 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is well organized with 
symmetric reactive posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral 
beta activity. Vertex waves, K complexes, spindles, and POSTS are identified in stage 2 sleep. 
Event time 14:46 November 24 the patient is awake, in bed. There is an aide nearby. He starts 
to stare. Intermittently, he experiences rhythmic circular movements in his right hand. This is 
followed by intermittent staring or hyperextension of the neck. Total duration of the behavioral 
event is 6 minutes and includes hyperextension of the neck, some pelvic thrusting, alternating 
movements of the legs and screaming. There is purposeful and interactive behavior noted in the 
EEG during the events. In addition, when the patient's legs start to come off the bed, he 
carefully puts it back on the bed and the minute the seizure is over, the EEG demonstrates a 
normal awake pattern and he is interactive with the nurse. In addition, he seems to be speaking 
during the seizure. 
HR: 120 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Normal EEG 
LONG TERM MONITORING 11/24/09-11/25/09 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: During this section of the record, the patient has multiple 
behavioral events. They start with him demonstration motion arrests. He stops and stares and 
he has circular movements of his hands. He may go on to have jerking which includes noisy 
respirations, thrusting of the chest and alternating movements of the lower extremities. As these 
behaviors continue, his electrode integrity is somewhat more fragile. 
During the events, with the staring, the EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern. The 
behaviors are characteristic of nonepileptic seizures not epileptic seizures with self protective 
movements and focal movements without EEG change. In addition there is no post ictal 
slowing. 
These events occur at 14:49, 17:34, 17:43, 17:55, 20:37, 20:39. No additional behaviors are 
noted on the 25th. 
Random wakefulness and sleep and wakefulness there is a well-defined 9Hz alpha rhythm. 
Lambda is observed in wakefulness. In sleep, there is rhythmic background slowing followed by 
vertex waves, K complexes, spindles. This prolonged long-term monitoring session failed to find 
any evidence of an underlying epileptiform disturbance. 
HR: 84 to120 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Normal EEG. 


