CLINICAL HISTORY: 27 year-old woman transferred from an outside hospital with 
aphasia, vomiting and a tonic, clonic seizure. The patient has a right frontal subcortical 
hemorrhage. Currently she is hypertensive, pregnant, but not compliant with 
medications. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Ativan 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at bedside using standard 10-20 
system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Background EEG demonstrates well organized 
alpha rhythm of 11 hertz. Superimposed upon this is focal slowing in the right 
hemisphere with a generous field of spread including right central temporal and to a 
lesser extend right frontal central. This activity is sharply contoured with a phase 
reversal in the right temporal region typically T 4 but sometimes F8 . The focal slowing 
and sharp wave are associated with disruption of faster frequency activity. EKG artifact 
unfortunately occurs in this exact same area. 
A clinical seizure occurs at The patient is lying on her back resting 
comfortably. The technologist observes a change in EEG pattern with an increase in 
fast activity and rhythmic theta. The theta is seen at 9:00:32. Just as the technologist 
works with this the EEG freezes and reviewing the EEG seems to cause the EEG to 
freeze again in the same spot. Reviewing the data, a very bad sound appears. Attempts 
to re-review the data without crashing it, include the appearance of right temporal theta. 
As the system crashes and identity. The technologist is checking the electrodes. This 
can be seen at 01 :01 :04. There is clearly a change in the background with the patient 
with technologist tapping trying to interact with the patient and asking the patient to 
open her eyes. At 9:07:27, the event is over and the patient is responsive with the 
technologist. She answers appropriately. Following this, she becomes drowsy, there are 
right temporal sharp wave observed in the background in the transition to sleep. Other 
features of sleep include spindle and beta frequency activity. The temporal sharp waves 
become somewhat periodic. 
Another ictal occurs as the is off to at 9:09. 
Testing is not performed and these 2 bursts are self limited and end at 9:11:30. After 
this, the patient drifts off into stage 2 sleep. 
HR: 90 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Two seizures in this EEG. One of these is clinical, but is complicated by technical 
malfunction and the other seems to be a more limited, almost 2 minute burst as 
the patient drifts off to sleep, but testing is not performed to confirm impairment 
of awareness. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG is diagnostic of a localization related 
mechanism for seizures. Additional intervention is essential. The clinical team was 
notified on 04/22/08. 


