CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 46-year-old woman with epilepsy since childhood who presents with episodes where she sits in her chair, has a bad smell and a funny sensation in her abdomen, and then generalized tonic-clonic seizures with postictal confusion and negative CT.
MEDICATIONS: Phenobarbital and Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient has a spell during the EEG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the EEG is somewhat disorganized with a posterior dominant rhythm of 8 to 8.5 Hz, 30 to 50 V.   There is a small amount of background theta and despite some muscle movement artifact, there is a suggestion of rare, irregular theta/delta from the left temporal region.  
The patient experiences a clinical event during the EEG.  The event is characterized by movement of the head.  The initial movements are side to side, as if she is softly shaking her head.  The later movements are in a different plane.  The event begins at 9:36:07 and the actual offset is unclear, but it seems to be over by 9:39:07.  Behaviors throughout include eye flutter, occasional slur interactivity, but the patient is actually able to speak and to answer questions.  She also has what is described as left arm shaking, although this can’t be seen on the video.  Sometimes she answers the questions during these symptoms and at other times she does not.  Sometimes she is able to nod.  At the onset of the behavior, she appears to be sad and frightened and this facial expression is seen intermittently throughout.  The overall duration of this event with waxing and waning and impaired responsiveness and responsiveness is from 9:36:12 to 9:44:46. 
The EEG at the onset shows a somewhat poorly organized background.  The electrodes from the left are partly obscured by movement.  Initially, the electrodes from the right are the first be visualized with a well defined posterior dominant rhythm.  As the behavior continues, eye blink or eye flutter artifact is seen.  There are portions of the record, particularly near the close, where the EEG actually is better organized than the beginning with an 8.5 Hz, well organized pattern. Following this, the patient becomes somewhat drowsy.
HR:  78 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Excess theta.
Rare left frontal delta.
Behavioral event without clear EEG correlate.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The precise onset of this behavior is partly obscured by muscle and movement.  The later behaviors are clearly without EEG correlate and the waxing and waning behaviors with motor activity, variable planes, and with intermittently a normal awake pattern as the activity waxes and wanes would support a non-epileptiform path of physiology for the symptoms.  An additional EEG recording may be of use to clarify the EEG pattern at the onset.


