CLINICAL HISTORY: 47 year old found down, seizing. Required treatment with 
versed, phenobarbital, Ativan, and then versed drip. History of right parietal contusion 
admitted to the Trauma Service one year ago. 
MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Midazolam, Dilantin, ASA, Pantoprazole 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using 
standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient is 
intubated and unresponsive. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a very low 
voltage, slow featureless pattern. When reviewed at lower sensitivities, low voltage 
beta is noted. There is an asymmetry in the delta and there is more delta in the right 
posterior quadrant. Twenty-four hours of EEG recording is provided. There is little 
clinical information documented in the record. 
As the recording begins, it is primarily a low voltage beta pattern. The focal delta is 
noted as well as some sharply contoured delta at T 4. Over time, there is an increase in 
frontal beta activity and intermittent arousal. By the afternoon, the patient's electrodes 
are sometimes a bit challenged but then are repaired by the technologist. Overall, over 
the course of the record, there is an overall improvement. 
In this intubated, comatose patient, what is likely an electrographic seizure is noted at 
4:52:32 p.m. Although there is some electrode artifact, there does seem to be some 
frequency evolution. Following the seizure, the patient is more alert. He is noted to be 
moving about. As the recording continues into the end of the 24-hour epoch, there are 
intermittent problems with the electrodes. Review of the automated seizure and spike 
detection software does not identify other electrographic seizures. 
HR: 120 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal continuous EEG monitoring due to: 
1. Initially a markedly suppressed pattern. 
2. A single subcritical seizure observed at 4:35:22 p.m. on the afternoon of the 9th. 
3. Occasional sharply contoured right anterior temporal delta. 
Right posterior temporal delta.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG is diagnostic of a localization related 
mechanism for epilepsy. Additional evaluation may be obtained as warranted. 
Day 2, March 9-March 10, 2011 
Demonstration of this section of the record includes a very low voltage suppressed 
pattern. Identical, left posterior quadrant delta was noted. Artifact is noted in the T2 
electrode. As the recording continues, the patient remains intubated and unresponsive. 
The tech provides a medication update: Keppra, Dilantin, midazolam, aspirin. There is 
a section of the record at 3:30a.m. with an increase in theta in the right frontotemporal 
region. At the end of the available EEG, the overall EEG is low voltage , relatively 
featureless and slow. 
OVERALL IMPRESSION AND CLINICAL CORRELATION: This 2-day video EEG 
monitoring session was remarkable for: 
1. The findings described in the initial section. 
A single seizure in a 2-day recording. 
2. 
3. A very suppressed pattern at the close of the record. 


