CLINICAL HISTORY:   63-year-old  woman with a left temporal meningioma  resected many years ago and anesthesia  at that time, previously treated with Dilantin which she stopped for 2-
1/2 years ago. Now, she has profound sensory neuro hearing loss right greater than left and
ophthalmologic floaters.
MEDICATIONS:  Propranolol,  Cozaar.
INTRODUCTION:  Digital video EEG is performed  in that using standard  10-20 system of electrode placement  with 1-channel EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation are performed. This was an awake and sleep record.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  In wakefulness, there is an 8.5 Hz 50 microvolt posterior dominant rhythm with a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity. In wakefulness, some deformity  with bit of electrode artifact is picked up in the left temporal region. As the patient becomes drowsy, a breech rhythm in the area of the previous left temporal craniotomy  is more apparent with an accentuation of faster frequency  activity. In addition to the what looks al most like an electrode artifact or head rocking artifact, occasional delta is also observed in that area. Hyperventilation does not significantly  activate the record.
Photic stimulation  does not significantly  activate the record. Towards the close of the record, the patient becomes somewhat  drowsier with some burst of delta.
IMPRESSION:   Abnormal  EEG due to:
	1. 	Focal slowing from the left temporal region in the region of the patient's previous craniotomy  becoming  more apparent as the patient reaches sleep.
	2. 	Wicket activity is also seen in the same area bilaterally.
CLINICAL CORRELATION:  This EEG supports  this structural abnormality  on the left, congruent with the past history of surgery. Very limited deeper stages of sleep were seen with just the single K-complex  but if there is any question about underlying  epileptiform activty, given the presence of wicket activity, more prolonged  recording capturing more extensive stage 2 sleep will be necessary.


