CLINICAL HISTORY: 72 year old with right frontal skull defect and new onset facial 
twitching upper extremity twitching, unresponsiveness. inability to speak. Past frontal 
brain tumor and encephalomalacia. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Temodar, Ondansetron, Nifedipine, lisinopril 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in lab using .standard 10-20 system 
of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. Hyperventilation was not performed, but 
photic stimulation was completed. In this individual with cranial abnormalities, there is 
eye artifact in the left frontal region, but the eye artifacts are quite asymmetric 
suggesting asymmetric cranium as described by the technologist in her description of 
the patient's skull. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is awake. There is 
symmetric eye movement artifact. The overall record is relatively low voltage, relatively 
symmetric with a discernible alpha rhythm. 
The patient has multiple episodes during the EEG. There is a video EEG and the 
technologist repositions the patient on camera, but It is still difficult to determine exactly 
what is happening during the spells. The patient has circular movements of the head 
followed by head turning to the left. On the first event, there is characteristic muscle 
artifact as can be seen in a tonic clonic seizure but not so much in the way of 
background slowing. In the 2nd event. which occurs at 11:49, there is again the same 
artifact but there is dear background slowing and right frontal sharp and slow wave 
activity observed at the close or this seizure.  
The 3rd seiZure occurs at 11 :58. It occurs just as the technologist has gotten ready to 
do photic stimulation. Again, at 11:58, the patient has some circular movements of the 
head. The EEG is obscured by muscle but there seems to be some underlying alpha 
frequency activity. The technologist observes that the patient Is unresponsive. By 
11:58:40,the technologist notes that the patient has some eye twitching. The EEG 
starts to have a slowing of the activity as is seen in the chronic phase of the seizure. 
The video is reviewed and the technologist is recording eye twitching but not much else 
is seen. The activity starts to slow at 11 :58:57. There is an underlying right frontal sharp 
and slow wave complex observed with this activity. The activity is dear slowing in 
transitioning to a postictal phase at11:59:14. In this 3rd seizure, there is less in the way


