CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 40-year-old male with head trauma ten days ago, discharged from AEMC eight days ago, now found unresponsive with three seizures, left facial, right deviation, left arm stiffness, and right craniotomy.  
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Phenobarbital, morphine, Propofol, and Versed.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ER using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient was seizing prior to the first EEG and, in fact, the patient has right gaze deviation on the video.  He is also somnolent.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the background EEG is abnormal with repetitive theta frequency activity identified, primarily from the right hemisphere and most remarkable for the posterior quadrant.  This ranges from 3.3 to 4 Hz with frequency evolution.  There is an underlying spike and slow wave complex, which is maximum in the right posterior quadrant and this is in the region of the patient’s craniotomy.  In addition, the patient has subtle titubation of the head and is examined during this epileptiform activity.  The activity is seen at the very start of the EEG at 12:49:57 and starts to slow spontaneously at 12:51:11.  The activity evolves to a slower delta with two patterns: a slow periodic complex in the right frontal temporal regions and more clear-cut faster evolving activity from the right posterior quadrant.  As the recording continues, the activity in the posterior quadrant has a different frequency evolution, evolving to more of a faster frequency activity which waxes and wanes and builds up again by 12:58.  The activity from the frontal region is a slower periodic complex of approximately 0.75 Hz.  The patient receives 2 mg of Ativan at 12:58 and is intubated during this recording.  During the course of the recording, he either receives or has received a total of 7 mg of Ativan and then receives a paralytic agent and is intubated.  As the recording continues, the faster frequency activity that was seen in the right occipital region disappears, but the slow periodic activity persists with a broad field of spread through the right temporal region and right hemisphere, again with a periodicity of 0.75 to 1.5 Hz.  By the close of the recording, the periodic activity is not as well formed and is more characteristic of a slower delta without the clear PLEDS.
HR:  104 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Electrographic pattern compatible with a form of status-epilepticus with seizures emanating from the right hemisphere.
Background slowing from the left hemisphere demonstrating primarily a theta-beta frequency pattern.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing shows an unusual ictal pattern with initially activity in the right hemisphere from two foci with gradual elimination of the foci in the occipital region and improvement but not complete disappearance of the discharge from the fronto-temporal region.  


