CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a __-year-old male with refractory frontal lobe seizures with prolonged seizures, now with declining cognition.  The patient feels that his seizures have stopped.  
MEDICATIONS: Synthroid, Topiramate, Lamictal, and Keppra. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic were performed. This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Hyperventilation is performed with good effort and while clinically it is not clear that the patient had a seizure, the response HV is markedly abnormal.  It begins with an increase in theta in the background, as well as some sharply contoured delta in the right centrotemporal region.  This is seen approximately 80 seconds into hyperventilation.  Following this, there is some shifting arrhythmic delta and then increasing quantities of rhythmic theta, but there is almost a frequency evolution of delta then theta, and a very prominent paroxysmal, relatively generalized increase in slowing as well as some rhythmic 3 to 5 Hz activity, which is picked up more in the temporal regions.  There are also some occasional sharp waves, right or left temporal.  As the post-HV section ends, this activity terminates almost abruptly, particularly when the patient starts talking at approximately six minutes after HV.  Therefore, the overall HV response seems to be both prolonged and pathological.  
After the patient falls off to sleep, there is prominent 4 to 5 Hz activity in the central regions followed by the appearance of vertex waves, but then the rhythmic 4 to 5 Hz activity is seen with an alpha rhythm identified and a right posterior temporal sharp transient as well.  The patient seems to be awake with this activity, waxing and waning, with occasional actual fast activity picked up at CV-C4.  At 12:05:54, there is an abrupt change in the EEG and using a montage it looks as a vertex, there is actually negativity at the vertex with positivity in the temporal regions and a paroxysmal discharge, which is very close to the midline, not more clearly localized from one side to the other.  This demonstrates frequency evolution, but is never clearly lateralizing.  This activity begins to ebb.  The tech taps the patient at 12:07:35 and the activity is over.  The total duration of this event is from 12:05:54 to 12:07:35, approximately 1.5 minutes.  After this, the patient is awake and no additional epileptiform features are seen.  
Photic stimulation is performed with the patient awake and produces little in the way of driving.  
HR:  72 BPM, irregular.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Two clinical seizures: one seen in sleep and one seen in hyperventilation.  
Sharply contoured activity or sharp waves, in this case seen primarily in the right centrotemporal but rarely on the left.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: While this patient typically has difficult to localize seizures, the activity described on these two occasions is different than previous reports of his seizures. 


