CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 50-year-old male with previous surgery for a left frontal glioma now with accelerating complex partial seizures.
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Ativan, and others. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. As the EEG starts, the patient has just had a seizure.  The patient has an additional seizure during the EEG while the study is recording.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In the initial portions of the record, the EEG includes a fair amount of muscle.  Despite this, there is a breach rhythm from the left frontal region with generous beta activity as well as rhythmic theta.  The activity from the right hemisphere is lower voltage with generous fast activity.  The second seizure in this EEG is preceded by several minutes of rhythmic theta frequency activity from the left frontal region including F7, F3, and C3. There are occasional F7 or F3 sharp waves.   The seizure begins at 14:10:50.  The patient has tremulousness of his head.  The tech is uncertain as to what the event is and calls the patient at 14:11:28.  At 14:11:18, the patient starts to have head deviation to the right.  The EEG is partially obscured by movement, but underneath this, rhythmic 3 Hz delta activity can be identified in the background with frequency evolution in terms of gradual slowing from approximately 3.5 Hz to then 2 Hz.  The patient looks to the right, which is away from the camera, and by 14:12:37, his right arm elevates and he looks at the tech.  He is unable to respond to questions at 14:12:47.  By 14:13:40, he can start to answer questions including his name.  In the interim, there is a partial resolution of the rhythmic theta activity from the left frontotemporal region.  By 14:14:01, the rhythmic left frontotemporal theta is starting to reappear.  
No additional seizures are recorded. 
HR:  78 BPM.
	IMPRESSION/CLINICAL CORRELATION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Two seizures within a 30-minute EEG, both of which are complex partial and both of which occurred in the context of a patient who is failing to return to baseline mental status, compatible with the diagnosis of complex partial status epilepticus. 


