MEDICATIONS: Dilantin and Lamictal.   
EVENTS: Left temporal discharges lasting approximately 50 seconds occurred while the patient was sleeping at 23:49:50.  No behavioral correlates were noted.  Another abnormal discharge occurred at 24:14 starting with right temporal poly spikes followed by left temporal epileptiform discharges lasting for approximately 15 seconds.  At 3:45 and 4:23 two more events occurred, which demonstrated brief, right temporal repetitive spikes with no left temporal seizure activity.  This seizure activity occurred on the night of the 27th through the 28th.  From the 28th to the 29th, there is further seizure activity with several behavioral manifestations.  The patient describes the sensation of an aura with an unpleasant odor and déjà vu experience, as well as the sensation of impending doom and anxiety.  Such episodes are noted at 12:54 with a run of left temporal discharges for 15 seconds.  At 15:07, the patient had an aura, which was preceded by rhythmic left temporal discharges of 20 seconds.  The activity lasts for 35 seconds.  Another episode occurs at 17:14 and lasts for two minutes. This is partly obscured by muscle artifact and the patient is tearing and picking her sheet at the same time.  At 19:12 on the 28th, the patient has another two-minute seizure with typical left temporal discharges.  At 21:31, there is a mild event while the patient is watching TV that lasts for 45 seconds.  Seizure activity on the morning of the 29th is noted at 8:35 AM.  Later at 9:54, most of the epileptiform discharges are preceded by the typical sensation of aura, sometimes preceding the abnormal left temporal discharges by up to 20 seconds. 
Overall, there were four significant clinical complex partial seizures and numerous smaller clinical and subclinical seizures with slight decreased frequency of the range compared to her initial 24 hour EEG.  
HR:  __ BPM.
	IMPRESSION/CLINICAL CORRELATION: Intermittent epileptiform discharges occurring predominantly over the left temporal area, sometime preceded by brief bursts of right temporal sharp waves.  This supports a partial mechanism for epilepsy.  Correlation with neuroimaging studies is appropriate.  


