CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 60-year-old male with lymphoma and lifelong history of epilepsy and complex partial seizures with several complex partial seizures in the past month.  Paraparesis secondary to epidural mass. 
MEDICATIONS: Tegretol, Mysoline, Restoril, Primidone, Lidocaine, and others.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This patient experienced a complex partial seizure with confusion during the record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the background EEG is well organized.  There is a posterior dominant rhythm of 8 Hz, 30 to 50 V with a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  In wakefulness, there are left temporal sharp and slow wave complexes as well as associated focal slowing.  
Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record and may accentuate the bursts of focal slowing and the sharp waves.  
The patient experienced a seizure at 9:49:34.  He was resting comfortably.  The first behavioral change was that he began to demonstrate restlessness.  He then had automatisms of the left hand, while looking to the right with dystonic posturing of the right.  Afterwards, he was confused.  He was speaking but the technologist had difficulty understanding him.  He tended to use more words in Spanish than in English and was semi-cooperative, but not thinking clearly.  In terms of seizure onset, there is a high amplitude sharp and slow wave complex at 9:49:44 with a burst of focal slowing four seconds later.  The first clear ictal changes began just as he starts to fidget with left temporal theta activity of approximately 4 to 5 Hz.  This is seen at 9:50:04 and evolves over the next 14 seconds.  By 9:50:14, the activity is maximum on the left, but is clearly bilaterally.  The data is reviewed with a filter on and the epileptiform activity is most intense from the left temporal region with a phase reversal at T1/T3 but with clear bilateral spread.  At 9:50:54, when the seizure is over, there is an increase in background slowing.  This starts to resolve by 9:52:26 with the reappearance of the alpha rhythm, but again there is background slowing seen in the minutes that follow.  At 9:55 the EEG seems to have returned to baseline with intermittent focal slowing and sharp waves from the left temporal region. 
HR:  70 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Complex partial seizure with somewhat challenging localization, but maximum in the left lateral temporal electrodes. 
Intermittent focal slowing from the left temporal region.
Left anterior temporal sharp and slow waves and spike and slow wave complexes.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing is diagnostic of a partial mechanism for epilepsy.  The clinical team was contacted with these results.  


