CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 20-year-old woman with recent onset epilepsy and seizures, which often can be eliminated by the patient with reassurance.  The patient had six seizures after she ran out of her Effexor.  
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG.
SEIZURE TIME 23:30:38: The patient is drowsy and alerts from sleep. An arousal is seen at 22:31:38.  She takes off the covers, reaches for the push button. Hands are raised to her side and she starts flapping them from side to side.  There may be a very subtle asymmetry with perhaps a bit more fluid flapping from the left than the right.  Tachycardia is seen with association with the flapping at 22:33:08.  She is flapping and although the video isn’t optimal in terms of the facial automatisms, it looks as if there may be some oral automatisms associated with this.  When the nurses come in at 22:32:11, the patient can look at them and when they ask if she is okay, she nods yes.  At 22:32:38, immediately as the event ends, either the nurse or the patient say that the seizure is over.  
The EEG during this event does have an electrographic signature.  It is best reviewed with a notched filter on and a high frequency filter of 35.  There is an arousal at 22:31:41 with a suggestion of a sharp wave at that time.  With eye movements, there is likely an underlying pair of sharp waves at T1 as well.  Just before the patient starts with arm flapping, although there is some movement artifact, there is high amplitude rhythmic delta from the left temporal region and this can clearly be delineated from 22:31:43 through 22:31:57.  At this point, as the motor activity is more vigorous, the EEG is obscured.  Looking at the left frontocentral region, there aren’t definitive frontocentral spike waves noted.  Despite the movement artifact, there is this focal delta from the left temporal region with a generous field of spread and attenuation of the alpha.  There seems to be generalized background slowing at 22:32:40 and at 22:32:47, the seizure seems to be over with little in the way of postictal changes.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: Stage II sleep is characterized by vertex waves and spindles.  The majority of the epileptiform discharges in this section of the record are in stage II sleep.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, September 12-13, 2006
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient initially reported that she did not have any seizures, but with review of the EEG monitoring data, one event was noted and was reviewed with the patient.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG includes a well-organized pattern with a 9.5 to 10 Hz posterior dominant rhythm.  There is a great deal of eye artifact picked up in wakefulness.  
RANDOM WAKEFULESS AND SLEEP: Two artifacts are seen in the early portions of the morning - this is also seen at mealtimes.  In wakefulness, there are rare spike and slow wave complexes identified, particularly when the awake record is observed in the late evening or nighttime hours.  Stage II sleep is characterized by vertex waves, K complexes, and spindles.  Epileptiform activity can be seen in the transition to and from sleep, and sleep seems to be fragmented for this individual.      
SEIZURE TIME 23:22:34:  The patient is drowsy in the transition to and from wakefulness to early drowsiness.  The seizure begins with a left anteriotemporal T1 maximum spike and slow wave complex identified at 23:22:34 followed by an arousal at 23:22:38.  Behaviorally, this seizure is similar to the seizure 24 hours prior to this.  The patient takes off the covers and begins flapping her arms from side to side as if to cool herself down.  Looking at the video, she seems to remain awake and alert.  It is not possible to see any oral automatisms.  She also seems to have relatively purposeful behavior.  At one point, she doesn’t slap on the right, but she does slap on the left; however, it doesn’t seem as if she has dystonic posturing on the right.  She also has alternative movements of the arms.  The behavior is over at 23:33:44.  The seizure seems to be over at the same time with a seizure duration of one minute, ten seconds.  
EEG correlates for this seizure include the initial left anteriotemporal spike followed by arousal.  The flapping movements produce a great deal of artifact.  However, even prior to the flapping movements, there is rhythmic 2 to 3 Hz delta picked up from the left temporal region beginning at 23:22:39 and continuing, although there is artifact at 22:50 to 23:22:60.  With the use of filters, it is clear that in this seizure, despite the movement artifact, there is a left frontocentral (F3/C3) high amplitude spike complex, which is identifiable as earlier as 23:23:09 with a periodicity of approximately 1.5 Hz.  Using the filters, the spike activity can be seen although it doesn’t clearly evolve and it doesn’t correlate with the rate at which she flaps her arms.   It does seem to increase in intensity and then to dissipate at 23:23:36.  Careful review of the time samples that follow suggest that there is some subtle in the left temporal region that follows.  The left central spike activity was not identified later on in the record, and the patient drifts off to sleep.  Five minutes later, the nurse enters and checks the patient’s blood pressure and temperature. Tachycardia is seen in association with the seizure only and the heart rate seems to increase at the beginning of the discharge.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, September 13, 2006
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin and Topiramate. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is awake.  She reports no clinical seizures during this time.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the record demonstrates an awake pattern with significant chewing artifact.  Most of the interpretable record includes an awake pattern with LAMDBA.  No epileptiform features are identified in the awake record.  There is a great deal of eye movement artifact.  
HR:  80-104 BPM.
	OVERALL IMPRESSION/CLINICAL CORRELATION: EEG monitoring over 2½ days is remarkable for:
	Interictal high amplitude left anteriotemporal spike and slow wave complexes seen primarily in the transition to drowsiness, but in wakefulness and sleep.
	Two unusual seizures. The seizures had a definitive EEG signature despite artifact and begins with a left anteriotemporal spike.  They seem to have evolving left temporal delta and one of the two seizures had left frontocentral spiking at the end of it.  
	
	Behaviorally, the seizures were characterized by minimal impairment of awareness, but with motor activity, which the patient herself describes as a response to the somatic symptoms that she feels.  She recalls feeling hot during the seizures and hence she recalls flapping her arms back and forth to cool herself.  Looking at the video during the first seizure, there may well have been subtle impairment of awareness with that seizure, and there may have also been facial automatisms. 


