CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 45-year-old male with focal motor seizures associated with a stroke, large left MCA, CVA, and cocaine abuse. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Phenobarbital, Labetalol, and Ceftriaxone. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. This is an awake and drowsy record in a patient who is relatively lethargic.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is relatively lethargic.  There is a subtle intrahemispheric asymmetry.  The overall amplitude of the background is relatively low voltage, but there is a 7 Hz posterior dominant rhythm identified on the right with low voltage theta and alpha frequency activity.  There is relative disruption of faster frequency activity on the left compared to the right, although there are portions of the record with bilateral delta.  Muscle artifact with the patient’s facial twitching is identified.  This is picked up bilaterally, but is more prominent on the right and is not associated with a scalp EEG change.  
Stimulation of the patient does not appear to produce a change in the patient’s behavior, although there is perhaps an increase in alpha and theta frequency activity seen with the auditory stimulation.  At this time, the focal, right facial twitching is identified.  
As the patient is allowed to rest, there is an increase in background delta.  
HR:  78 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Generalized background slowing.
Subtle, intrahemispheric asymmetry, particularly in view of the magnitude of the stroke with a disruption of faster frequency activity on the left. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a diffuse disorder of cerebral function affecting both gray and white matter.  Consideration for a process involving the cortex on the left is appropriate.  The focal facial twitching seen from the right is not associated with a scalp EEG change.  In this context, however, a small, cortical focus may be missed.  


