MEDICATIONS: Dilantin Propofol, 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG performed at bedside using standard 
10 -20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient is intubated 
and poorly responsive. 
The sample of the EEG begins at 9:17 and includes 20 minutes of the EEG. 
The background includes a continuous pattern rich in beta frequency activity. A high 
amplitude left frontal spike is observed. At times the record is briefly discontinuous and 
at times the spike or fast activity the contralateral frontal region. 
There is arrhythmic delta activity associated with a focal spike in the left frontal region 
and intermittent bursts of fast activity are observed. 
HR: 84 bpm 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at bedside using 
standard 10-10 system of electrode placement of 1 channel EKG. The patient is 
intubated and obtunded. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The initial portions of the record demonstrate 
relatively frequent, left frontal sharp waves with after going slow waves. There is 
variability in the record, later portions of the record demonstrate a bit more beta activity 
as well as motor activity suggestive of arousal. By the close of the record, the 
epileptiform activity is slowing with more discrete, lower amplitude sharp waves and a 
pattern that is quite slow with a mixture of delta and theta. This pattern is observed from 
midnight onwards. 
HR: 84 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. 
Left frontal sharp waves. 
2. 
Increasing slowing of the overall background with diminution of the sharp waves, 
intermittent discontinuity. 
3. 
Focal slowing in the left frontal region. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG supports a structural or functional abnormality in 
the left frontal region which is potentially epileptogenic. No seizures were recorded. No 
clinical information is provided to explain the increasing background slowing but 
contributing factors could include the use of sedative hypnotic medications, high dose 
medications for refractory status epilepticus or deterioration due to the intracerebral 
hemorrhage. 