MEDICATIONS: Morphine, Haldol, Dilantin, and Valproate. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is in a hard collar and is responsive to external stimuli. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates various patterns including a pattern that is reasonably well organized with primarily a 6 to 7 Hz theta pattern, with some superimposed focal slowing from the right hemisphere, particularly right central and occipital regions.  There are other portions of the record that demonstrate more significant arrhythmic delta activity, a little bit more higher amplitude delta activity in the right hemisphere, particularly C4 and T4.  There are occasional sharp waves identified in this record, which include O2, C4/T4, and on one occasion T1.  Sharp waves range from small discrete sharp waves to higher amplitude sharply contoured delta.  Features of sleep include vertex waves, which are present bilaterally.  Stimulation of the patient on some occasions produces an increase in theta.  In every case, stimulation of the patient clearly produces an eye opening and a bit more theta, higher amplitude in the right posterior quadrant than the left.  
HR:  112 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Generalized background slowing.
A pattern with intermittent, arrhythmic delta activity identified from both hemispheres, but most prominently in the right posterior quadrant.
Occasional sharp waves identified in this record including C4, T4, O2, and on one occasion the left anterior temporal region. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports not only a diffuse disturbance of cerebral function, but superimposed focal features.  The EEG signature for these is more prominent from the right posterior quadrant.  During the portions of the record with arrhythmic delta, occasional sharp waves can be identified primarily in the right centrotemporal region.  No seizures were record.  Correlation with imaging is recommended.  