MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Keppra, Ativan, Methadone 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG was performed at bedside using 
standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient has a relatively fresh craniotomy site in the left scalp. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation are performed. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the recording begins, the background EEG is 
slow and disorganized. There is some slowing in the right hemisphere, but there is a glimpse of a posterior dominant rhythm. The left hemisphere demonstrates considerable disruption of faster frequency activity, rocking artifact and skull defect artifact as well as a slower delta pattern. 
There are intermittent sections in the record with a diffuse attenuation bilaterally, more so on the left than the right. This is most prominent in the first 6 hours of the recording. The patient does appear to have a sleep pattern during the night. He also has some spontaneous arousals. 
By the morning of 9/29/2010, the background EEG sometimes demonstrates a posterior dominant rhythm on the right with activity at 8 Hz and 9.5 Hz. The left hemisphere demonstrates a slower pattern and intermittently there are some sharp waves in the left hemisphere including frontocentral and posterior temporal. When attenuations occur in the background, they are seen on the left, not the right. 
As the recording continues, the patient is increasingly agitated with electrode artifact. By the end of this long term monitoring session, there is an increase in faster frequency activity in the left hemisphere although the right hemisphere is compromised by problems with electrode integrity. 
HR: 108 bpm 
IMPRESSION: This long term video EEG monitoring sessions was technically 
challenging due to the patient's craniotomy and electrode artifact, but was remarkable for: 
1. A pattern of background slowing, left more so than right, which improved over time. 
2. Intermittent discontinuous pattern. 
3. Sharp waves in the left hemisphere including left frontal/frontocentral and central parietal. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded. The focal features are 
congruent with the patient's imaging. The sharp waves were in the region of his neurosurgical intervention. 