MEDICATIONS: Fosphenytoin, 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. There are two practice push button events at 14:15:38 and at 14:17:54.  This is a 24-hour study. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The EEG demonstrates a dynamic pattern with what may well be sleep and wake activity.  There is an intrahemispheric asymmetry.  In the beginning of the record, there is more of a pattern of theta in the left hemisphere with arrhythmic delta on the right.  When the patient is asleep, the intrahemispheric asymmetry isn’t as prominent. As the recording continues, there is more beta noted particularly on the 11th.  There is some shifting slowing seen in the background.  The amplitude is slightly higher on the left, with somewhat slower delta on the right.  
HR:  84 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	Background slowing.
	Intrahemispheric asymmetry.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were identified in this long-term EEG monitoring recording.  This EEG supports a dynamic process with an increase in faster activity towards the close of the record, as well as higher amplitude, more rhythmic theta on the morning of the 11th.  
Long-Term Monitoring, September 11, 2006 to September 12, 2006
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. There is no report of seizures in the records provided, and there are no push button events.  There are also no computerized seizure detections.   
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates an intrahemispheric asymmetry with a variable pattern, with some portions richer in theta frequency activity and others less so.  There is an intrahemispheric asymmetry with slower delta on the right compared to the left.  There are a handful of sharp waves seen from either hemisphere, right central or left temporal.    
HR:  Approximately 84 BPM.
Long-Term Monitoring, September 12, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the record continues to show an intrahemispheric asymmetry with arrhythmic delta from the right, but an increase in amplitude from the left.  Although there are problems with electrode integrity, there is a relative paucity of sharp waves noted in this section of the record.  Stimulation of the patient produces an increase in faster frequencies.  
HR: 80 BPM.
	IMPRESSION/CLINICAL CORRELATION: This was a 4½-day EEG recording.  Two days of the recording are not available, but the record is compatible with a structural or functional abnormality on the right with slower arrhythmic delta activity.  Rare sharp waves are identified from either hemisphere, but no seizures were recorded.  Additional history may be integral if this patient was thought to be experiencing seizures during this long-term monitoring although none were notated by any of the clinicians in the record.  