INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  As the tracing begins, the background EEG is very slow. The background is intermittently discontinuous on the left and there are some periodic sharp waves with variable maximum in the left hemisphere. There is also some double phase reversing artifact for this individual with a previous craniotomy. The initial portions of the record are quite slow and disorganized as might be seen following seizures or the use of sedative hypnotic medications. There is prominent beta, particularly on the left. The exact time of the sharp waves is somewhat challenging due to technical issues. The background  appears to be relatively vigorous between 7 a.m. and 9 a.m. on August 8, lower with the sharp waves around 10 a.m. and then again somewhat slower later on at noon. Clinical data is quite limited for this record.
By 2100 hours on August 8 the electrodes are increasingly lost. This occurs throughout the recording on August 9 which concludes at 9:13. at the time of the conclusion the patient is in the dark. There is a clinician working with her. Difficult to see her on video but she appears to be ventilated.
There are no clinical notes to indicate that the patient had clinical seizures during this time.
There are no clinical events regarding medications or other events which would explain the observations described above other than the assumption that the patient receives sedative hypnotic medications.
In the initial sections of the record, including at 6 a.m. on August 8, the patient is not intubated and therefore the questions related to the end of the record really, due only to the very poorly visible video.
	HR: 	72 bpm
IMPRESSION:  Abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Background slowing.
	2. 	Intra-hemispheric asymmetry.
	3. 	Some periodic sharp waves on the left with variable phase reversal but no seizures.
CLINICAL CORRELATION:  The background slowing described above is similar to previous but the period sharp waves are more prominent.