INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. There are some technical problems with the system and, in fact, the patient was recorded locally, later uploaded to the system.  There were a number of push buttons including practice push buttons, as well as one event where the patient pushed the button but didn’t seem to recall having done so later. 
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: On the morning of the 17th, the awake recording is unfortunately characterized by a great deal of muscle and movement artifact.  The stage II sleep recording includes abundant spindles.  There is a paucity of focal slowing identified in stage II sleep. Occasional focal slowing can be identified in stage II sleep with some rare slowing on the right.  Extraordinarily rare sharp waves are identified in early drowsiness.  
SEIZURE TIME 15:52:44: The patient is in bed.  The video quality is fair.  The patient pushes the button at that time.  There are no clear clinical signs.  It is not possible to see that he even pushed the button.  There is another individual who is speaking to the patient almost continuously throughout the event.  Immediately after he pushes the button, there is occipital head-rocking artifact that can’t be seen on the video and there does appear to be a very subtle attenuation of activity from the right temporal region with drop out of alpha and theta frequency activity.  Just at the onset of 4 Hz theta activity, at 15:52:56, the patient says, “man.”  This is 14 seconds after the push button.  This is followed by the appearance of rhythmic 4 Hz theta activity, which is exquisitely localized to the T2-T4 electrodes with little representation in the anteriotemporal chain.  The patient remains motionless while the individual speaks and this 4 Hz theta activity continues.  At 15:53:26, the patient shifts and says the word, “damn,” and the event appears to be over.  Of note, this appears to be the only time in the record where the patient is silent.  When he awake, he is almost otherwise consistently moving about and/or talking.  
Rare, accentuation of beta was seen in the right centrotemporal region at 12:27:17.  
The first piece of recording for 1/17/06 ends at 16:16:07, and then the system is restarted.  No seizures were recorded.  The computer did not identify additional electrical seizures.  There were no push button events.  Intermittent focal slowing was seen.  
Section #3 on 1/17/06 time 17:20 to 17:40.  The patient is awake.  There is a great deal of muscle and movement artifact. 
Long-Term Monitoring – January 18, 2006
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed. Due to system problems, this is recorded in three sections for the first 24 hours.   
SECTION I – 7:59 AM: There are two practice push buttons noted, but there are no ictal changes noted with either of these.  The baseline demonstrates intermittent focal slowing from the right.  
SECTION II – 11:18 AM: This spans much of the day on the 18th.  There are no push button events.  There are no electrographic seizures identified.  Intermittent focal slowing from the right hemisphere is noted.  
Long-Term Monitoring – January 18, 2006 to January 19, 2006
SECTION III – 15:24 AM: There is a test push button at 15:22 and what seems to be accidental push buttons in the morning at 15:23 and 15:26.  In the section of the record on the 18th or 19th, there is a bit less in terms of focal slowing on the right compared to previous. 
Long-Term Monitoring – January 19, 2006 to January 20, 2006
INTRODUCTION: This section of the record includes a significant portion of drowsiness.  The overall quality is excellent. In wakefulness and early drowsiness, there is a clear asymmetry with arrhythmic theta from the right hemisphere.  As the patient gets up at 9:38:55, he pulls on some of his electrodes.  
Long-Term Monitoring – January 20, 2006 
INTRODUCTION: During this portion of the record, the patient had no push buttons. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the record is remarkable for suboptimal EEG quality with single channel artifacts.  There are no push button events and no computerized detections of epileptiform seizures. 
Long-Term Monitoring – January 20, 2006 to January 21, 2006
INTRODUCTION: This portion of the EEG monitoring is remarkable for some single channel electrodes.  There are no push button events and no seizure detections.  There is intermittent focal slowing seen most prominently in the early morning of the 20th.  Occasional APCs are noted.  
HR:  70 BPM, occasional APCs.
	IMPRESSION: This continuous video EEG monitoring is remarkable for:
A single, subtle event, suggestive of complex partial seizure for which the patient seemed to have been aware of and pushed the button, but didn’t seem to recognize it afterwards.  Despite some concerns about the quality of the EEG, behaviorally this is quite typical of a complex partial seizure.  The patient’s episodes with bilateral shaking without loss of consciousness were not recorded.  In addition, his occasional left facial twitching was also not identified. 