MEDICATIONS: 
Keppra and Vimpat 
INTRODUCTION: 
Continuous Digital video EEG recording is performed overnight in the ICU using standard 10/20 system of electrode 
placement with one channel EKG. The patient is intubated, unresponsive No clinical seizures are noted. 
DESCRIPTION OF RECORD: 
The background EEG is markedly abnormal. It is overall a very slow pattern with a periodic complex 1n the right 
hemisphere. This sometimes seems to start at T 4 or T6 and then transitioned to T 4 and F7 There is also a component 
to this in the right posterior temporal and parietal region. As the recording continues, some of the central electrodes are 
lost This section of the record seems to demonstrate a discharge that starts posteriorly and often ends in the mid 
temporal region or central temporal region. All activity is in the right posterior quadrant Additional features noted Include 
marked disrupt1on of faster frequency activity with arrhythmic delta activity in the right posterior temporal and central 
temporal reg1on There are some sections where the left hemisphere IS not quite so slow w1th even a 7 Hz theta pattern 
on the left 
Over time, the epileptiform activity does slow. Initially, it is 0. 7 Hz With a frequency spectrum with more activity in that 
range and over t1me There IS a bit more faster frequency activity in the right occipital region. In addition, the epileptiform 
discharge IS slowing, becoming more monomorphic and sometimes this has a left occipital component 
The EEG ends at 11 29 on the morning of July 16. At that point, there is more of a low voltage theta frequency pattern 
on the left. No seizures are noted and the slow epileptiform activity does not evolve, although there is some variability. 
Heart rate 104 BPM. 
IMPRESSION: 
Abnormal EEG due to complex, periodic discharge in the right posterior quadrant, which is becoming a bit more simple in 
morphology over time. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: 
In this individual with a subclinical seizure in the baseline, no additional seizures were recorded. This remains a focal and 
irritative focus Correlation with imaging is suggested. 