MEDICATIONS:   Dilantin, VPA
INTRODUCTION:    Digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1-channel of EKG.  The patient reports no seizures.  No seizures are reported to the EEG lab by the clinical team.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  In the initial portions of the record, the patient is quite drowsy with a markedly abnormal background.  The pattern is one of rhythmic delta, slower voltage theta, intermittent bursts of fast activity.  Stimulation of the patient produces eye movements  and more higher amplitude rhythmic alerting.  Rhythmic theta is observed from the right frontal central region.  Occasional bursts of high amplitude sharply contoured signs are observed on which could be bifrontal but much of what seems to be maximum in the right hemisphere, including frontotemporal or frontal central.  There is also a right frontal sharp wave seen, triangular, right frontal sharp waves seen in the background intermittently.  As the patient drifts off to sleep, the EEC becomes slight discontinuous. The sleep pattern was nearly periodic with a discharge that is higher amplitude on the right and more sharply contoured but is bilateral.
Throughout the course of the record, the patient is frequently asleep.  He is, however, becoming more active with bursts of FlRDA and independent right or left frontal sharp waves.  As the recording continues, the overall background then includes a sleep pattern with generous beta activity.  By the morning of the 16th, bursts of frontal delta are observed. The patient is increasingly active, shaking his head from side to side.
	HR: 	96 bpm.
IMPRESSION:  Markedly abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Replacement of normal background with, at times, bursts of rhythmic frontal delta.
	2. 	Unusual epileptiform activity, some of which is right hemispheric, right frontal or bifrontal.
	3. 	FIRDA.
CLINICAL CORRELATION:  This patient's exposure to benzodiazepines  and other sedative medications on the 14th may play a role in the pattern described above.  No
seizures were recorded.  The patient is increasingly awake towards the close of record but the EEG remains markedly abnormal.
LONG-TERM MONITORING- 07-97
INTRODUCTION:   Continuous  video EEG monitoring is performed at bedside in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG.  No seizures are reported by the patient or clinical team.  Of note, during this section of the recording, the patient awakens,
eats, and cooperates.
DESCRIPTION OF RECORD:  Background EEG remains markedly abnormal with absence of some of the normal developmental patterns for an adult.  Bursts of rhythmic frontal delta are observed as are occasional right frontal sharp waves.  Overall, there is an improvement in quantity of theta and beta in the background but the EEG remains markedly abnormal.  At times there are bursts of rhythmic frontal delta and/or sharp waves even while the patient is interactive.
	HR: 	120 bpm.
IMPRESSION: Monitoring video EEG monitoring spanning 1015 to 1016 is remarkable for:
	1. 	Profoundly abnormal background, improving somewhat over time.
	2. 		Unusual epileptiform activity with a primary focus in the right frontal or bifrontal area.
CLINICAL CORR ELATION:  This EEG supports an underlying, significant diffuse disturbance of cerebral function.  Consideration  for frontal lobe or bihemispheric mechanism for epilepsy is appropriate.