INTRODUCTION: 11:09 AM.  In this section of the recording, the patient receives bolus Pentathol, Mannitol, Thiapenthol, and Neuropinephrine.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The initial portions of the record demonstrate a continuous pattern rich in beta frequency activity.  The left temporal region is perhaps a bit more featureless than the other areas.  By 12:02, the EEG demonstrates an intermittently discontinuous pattern.  The record is overall only briefly discontinuous, although in the initial portions of the record, however, the EEG gradually drops out over the afternoon hours on the 15th.  It is increasingly discontinuous and is primarily suppressed with brief bursts of cerebral activity lasting only one to three seconds by 19:35.  This is accentuated at 20:05 and again at 22:28.  In the overnight section of the recording, there is some variability, but some sections of the record show periods of suppression lasting up to 20 seconds with periods of cerebral activity of one to two seconds in duration. At the close of this section of the record, which is at 8:25 AM on the 16th, the EEG demonstrates a discontinuous pattern with periods of suppression typically on the order of 20 seconds.  The cerebral activity lasts approximately one second.  There is a bit more cerebral activity from the right hemisphere than the left and some of the activity on the right seems to include a sharp wave at O2.  
Long-Term Monitoring 9/16/04
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG bedside monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. This section of the record ends at 10:00 AM.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The vast majority of the EEG continues to demonstrate a burst suppression pattern with prolonged periods of suppression up to 20 seconds and brief periods of cerebral activity.  Cerebral activity is richer in the right hemisphere than the left, and there is an O2 spike.  
HR:  72-80 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: This continuous video EEG monitoring with Pentobarbital infusion is associated with:
Development of a burst suppression pattern.
Some asymmetric features including an earlier suppression on the left than the right and sharp waves from the right. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded. The focal features described above may be correlated with this child’s neuroimaging.