MEDICATIONS: Dilantin,
INTRODUCTION: Continuous  digital EEG was performed at bedside using standard
10-20 system of electrode placement with 1-channel EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation are performed.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:   Background EEG is markedly abnormal There are frequent frontal predominant spike and slow wave complexes many of which are maximum in the frontal regions. This is superimposed upon a slow background. The patient rapidly drifts off to stage 2 sleep with vertex waves and spindles. The frontally predominant spike and wave activity polyspike and demonstrably  a right frontal maximum. Photic stimulation does not activate the record.
	HR:	66 bpm
IMPRESSION:  Abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Background  slowing.
	2. 	Frontally predominant slow spike and wave activity.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded. This EEG supports diffuse disturbance of cerebral function and raises the possibility of a secondary generalized mechanism for epilepsy.
LONG TERM MONITORING- 07-112.
December 12, 2007 through December 13, 2007.
INTRODUCTION: Continuous  video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. No seizures are observed by the patient. There is a break in the recording. In addition, it looks like the patient has cell phone artifact in the EEG or some other kind of artifact at 1607.
December 12, 2007 through December 13, 2007.
INTRODUCTION:   Continuous  video EEG monitoring is performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. There are portions of the record with loss of electrodes, but there is adequate data for 24 hours of recording. The background EEG is markedly abnormal with a slow pattern. There is front delta often notched. In contrast to the initial sections of the record over time, there is less of a right frontal sharp and less of a right frontal spike and wave complex. Both the patient's cell phone and her hospital telephone seem to be producing  some artifact in the background.
	HR: 	96 bpm
IMPRESSION:   Abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Slow background.
	2. 	Rhythmic frontal delta.
	3. 	Frontal spike and wave activity sometimes subtle, right greater than left.
CLINICAL CORR ELATION:
No seizures were recorded in this record, but the overall
pattern is markedly abnormal. These findings are in striking contrast to this patient's normal, MRI. They are congruent with her clinical course of cognitive impairment.