MEDICATIONS: Unknown. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. There is no indication as to the date of most recent seizures.  Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, there is a 10 Hz, 100 uV posterior dominant rhythm with a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  There is a moderate amount of head rocking artifact, which produces artifacts in the occipital and posterior temporal regions.  Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record producing brief bursts of high amplitude rhythmic, frontally predominant delta activity, some of which is notched but without definite spike and slow wave activity.  
Following hyperventilation, as the patient becomes drowsy, there are vertex waves, K complexes, and spindles.  The patient has eye movement artifact with a relatively large field of spread including into stage II sleep, but without definite sharp and slow wave activity.  However, in later stage II sleep, there is both sharply contoured beta and a left anterior temporal sharp and slow wave.  In addition, in stage II sleep, an arousal is characterized by a brief burst of rhythmic frontal 3 Hz activity.  POSTS are seen in later stage II sleep. 
HR:  88 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Somewhat challenging bedside EEG but abnormal due to:
Occasional independent, right or left arrhythmic delta activity, which can be differentiated from this patient’s eye movement artifact and her head rocking artifact.  
Rare left anterior temporal sharp waves in stage II sleep.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This is a challenging EEG, and a follow study in the lab would be helpful to more completely characterize epileptiform activity.  There was focal epileptiform discharges, but this EEG raises concerns about a generalized epileptiform discharge with a notched 3 Hz spike and slow wave seen in hyperventilation and emerging from sleep.  No seizures were recorded.  