MEDICATIONS: Tegretol, Phenobarbital
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside for this five-week-old male using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: When the child is awake and moving, the EEG is continuous.  There is an asymmetry with higher amplitude activity from the left compared to the right.  There is some theta frequency activity discernable in the posterior regions.  In wakefulness and in sleep, there are occipitally predominant sharp and slow wave complexes, which are generally bilateral but seem to be higher amplitude on the left.  These are associated with some occipitally predominant fast activity, again more prominent on the left than the right.  As the child drifts off to sleep, some of the epileptiform activity is more clearly unilateral from the left hemisphere, again more prominent in the occipital parietal region.  There is discontinuity identified when the child is asleep, but no definite discontinuity in wakefulness.  As the child becomes drowsy, again there are occasional left hemispheric, frontally predominant spike and slow wave activity and sharp and slow wave complexes.  There are portions of the record where the discontinuity, particularly when the patient feeds on a bottle, is a bit more remarkable on the right than the left.  
HR:  150 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for an infant of this age due to:
Posteriorly predominant sharp and slow wave or spike and slow wave complexes.
Posteriorly predominant fast activity.
Intermittent discontinuity identified in wakefulness, but more prominent in drowsiness.
More widespread epileptiform activity from the left hemisphere seen from the frontocentral regions.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded.  While there is ongoing discontinuity in this record, the awake record is increasingly continuous.  A follow-up EEG may be of use to evaluate the maturational pattern of this child’s EEG. 