Long-term Monitoring, 12101/06-1210312006
MEDICATIONS:  TPM/LEV
INTRODUCTION:  Continuous video EEG monitoring is perfonned in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one cham1el of EKG. The patient was not aware of any seizures during this section of the record. Multiple practice push buttons were performed.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The initial portions of the record demonstrate an awake individual.  There is a fair amount of muscle.  In contrast to the baseline recording, there is little in the way of epileptifom1 activity.
In the sections of the record with good quality recording, particularly on the aftemoon of the  15\ a subtle intrahemispheric asymmetry can be seen with a bit of slowing from the
right temporal region.  As the patient becomes drowsy, around 16:18, there are subtle underlying sharp waves noted in wakefulness in this section of the record. Later portions of the record are compromised by loss of electrode integrity and for an extensive period of time on the 2nd, loss of EEG data.
Due to the loss of electrode integrity by 17:45, the asymmetry between the two temporal lobes has disappeared.  The first sample of this record ends at 12:35 on the 3rd and by that
point, the patient is awake.   There is a great deal of lateral rectus eye  miifact on the background .
HR:  N/A.
Long-term Monitoring, 1210312006-1210412006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  Much  of this 24-hour section of the EEG 1s remarkable for some artifacts most prominently noted in the aftemoon and early evening
hours of the 3rd.   Consequently, much of the awake record available for review is wakefulness.     There  is  a  syrm11etric, reactive   10  Hz  alpha  rhytlm1.    There  is  an intrahemispheric asymmetry  most remarkable in the temporal regions, most  remarkable in the  earlier portions  of the record and  decreasing  as time goes on.      Drowsiness  is characterized by rhytlm1ic background slowing.  Prominent eye artifact  can  be picked up in the right or left temporal regions in wakefulness.   There is little  good quality sleep demonstrated in this section of the record.
HR:  72BPM.
OVERALL IMPRESSION: EEG monitoring for this patient was remarkable for:
1.              Technical limitations including lack of data or lack of electrode integrity.
2.         Subtle focal slowing and attenuation of faster frequency activity.
	3.		Rare right temporal sharp waves seen most prominently in the early portions of the record.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG suppmis a localization-related mechanism for epilepsy.  Of note, no seizures were repmied by the patient and none were identified by
the teclmologist.