CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 2.5-year-old male admitted with a temp of 102.5 and prolonged status epilepticus with a history of profound developmental delay, aspiration pneumonia, reflux, and epilepsy, as well as non-compliance.
MEDICATIONS: Topamax, Decadron, Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the child is awake.  There are high amplitude vertex waves but there are also spike and slow wave complexes, some of which emerge with the vertex activity.  The epileptiform activity can be seen in the right or left occipital region, as well as left frontotemporal region.  The activity in sleep is almost discontinuous with a profound background suppression after both the vertex waves and the epileptiform activity.  The child appears asleep so the activity does appear to be truly vertex, and there is a bit of spindle associated with it, but some of it may well be vertex spike activity.  The epileptiform activity in the occipitoparietal regions may be seen synchronously or independently from the right or left, and there is some poly spike activity emerging from either hemisphere.  As the sleep record continues, the background EEG becomes markedly high amplitude.  The duration of time between some of the vertex or high amplitude periodic discharges or epileptiform activity can be as slow as three to five seconds.  At the end of the record, the technologist stimulates the patient, which produces an alerting response and an increase in theta frequency activity, but then the patient drifts off to sleep and the EEG becomes somewhat discontinuous again.  
HR:  72 BPM, irregular.
	IMPRESSION: Markedly abnormal EEG due to:
	A record in apparent sleep for this 2.5-year-old that is at times discontinuous and at other times has high amplitude epileptiform activity from either hemisphere with activity in the occipitoparietal regions - independently or bilaterally. 
	At times a periodic background suppression seen in this record. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG supports a severe underlying encephalopathy and may be part of an underlying severe epileptic encephalopathy.  Because of the discontinuity, either comparison with previous studies may be important or alternatively a repeat study as this child starts to improve is recommended.  Careful consideration regarding the nature of this child’s CNS injury is appropriate. 


