MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Keppra, Phenobarbital, and unidentified seizure medication. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In maximum wakefulness, the background EEG is somewhat disorganized from both hemispheres.  There is an 8 to 9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm.  There is excess theta on the left. The right hemisphere demonstrates a relatively generous field of arrhythmic delta activity, particularly in the right temporal region with a breach rhythm.   There is sharply contoured slowing identified in both temporal regions.  This is isolated from the left, but more remarkable from the right.  Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record, producing an increase in background slowing bilaterally. As the patient becomes drowsy, there is higher amplitude alpha and beta frequency activity from the right frontal region with an increase in beta and prominent snore artifact.  Photic stimulation is performed while the patient is asleep and does not activate the record.  During photic stimulation, the patient seems to have some spindle activity, more prominent in the right frontocentral region than the left, but the spindles are slower than anticipated.  
HR:  84 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	Right temporal focal slowing.
	Sharply contoured delta from the right temporal region with suspicious underlying sharp waves in the context of a patient with a breach rhythm.
	Some degree of slowing and disorganization identified from the left hemisphere in wakefulness and prominently appearing in early drowsiness.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: In this individual with persistent seizures following temporal lobectomy, EEG monitoring may be critical to localize the seizures.  In comparison to this patient’s previous three EEGs, the background slowing has been seen previously.  Focal slowing and sharp waves have been seen in previous EEGs.  In comparison to previous studies, this EEG did not identify definitive epileptiform activity on the left, as was seen in her previous studies. 