MEDICATIONS: Dilantin and Tegretol.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient reports feeling dizzy, particularly with her eyes closed prior to the start of the record.  Because of this, photic stimulation was performed but hyperventilation was not.  This is an awake through stage II sleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: There are portions of the record when the patient is maximally alert and the EEG is well organized with a 9 Hz, 30 V posterior dominant rhythm. In relaxed wakefulness and early drowsiness, there is slowing of the posterior dominant rhythm.  In addition, there is an unusual epileptiform discharge identified in relaxed wakefulness and into stage II sleep.  This includes bursts of high amplitude, frontally predominant spike and slow wave activity.  The vast majority of the activity is generalized, frontally predominant and symmetric, although there are a few occasions when the activity demonstrates shifting asymmetries.  In addition, there is a poly spike component for the activity.  The frequency of the activity often starts out with a 3 Hz spike and slow wave discharge, although there may be some slower wave forms.  The overall burst duration can be up to six seconds.  The activity persists into stage II sleep and is sometimes seen overriding typical morphologies of stage II sleep, which include vertex waves, K complexes, and spindles.  There are one or two isolated bursts of asymmetric activity and there are some isolated C4 sharp waves identified as well.  The frequency of the activity is 3 Hz or slower, but again most discharges occur as the patient drifts off to sleep. 
Photic stimulation is performed as the patient is drifting back into stage II sleep.  There is no definite driving response and the epileptiform activity seen from the frontocentral regions is identified as the patient drifts back to sleep.  
HR:  __BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Generalized, frontocentrally predominant spike and slow wave activity with some shifting asymmetries.
Rare C4 sharp waves.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The differential diagnosis for this pattern in an adult can include either primary generalized epilepsy or a secondary generalized process.  Correlation with imaging, history, and previous EEGs may be helpful to determine whether or not this is an unusual manifestation of inherited epilepsy or a focal or potentially frontal lobe-type epilepsy. 