MEDICATIONS: Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is intubated, unresponsive and febrile with occasional jerking.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is intubated and febrile as described above.  In the initial portions of the record, there is no rhythmic jerking activity.  The behavior in question begins at 13:27:29 and is associated with muscle artifact in the EKG. It is associated in the EEG with a triangular shaped, frontally predominant wave and on occasion the frontally predominant, sharply contoured activity appears without an EEG component.  On other occasions, the EEG is somewhat asynchronous, but overall there seems to be more of the frontal activity with this.  During this portion of the record, the patient has eye opening.  As the recording continues, by 13:30:29 the activity is higher in amplitude and more clearly paroxysmal, beginning to obscure the background EEG.  There does seem to be a time locked to an EKG artifact at that time in most but not all cases and has a periodicity of approximately 1 to 1.5 seconds.  Towards the close of the record, the activity is abating.  There is occasional jerking, but not as high amplitude and not as remarkable.  In addition, towards the close of the record, the muscle leads demonstrate some movement while the EEG is overall slow.  In the last minute of the record, the jerking has resumed and as the record ends, the high amplitude, frontally predominant triangular shaped activity, as well as to some extent the activity which is high amplitude with a periodic component has returned.
HR:  144 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Generalized background slowing.
Frontally predominant triangular shaped waves, some of which are subtle, others which are well defined, and others which are high amplitude, which are associated with clinically significant motor activity.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports an underlying epileptiform process.  An additional EEG recording may be appropriate.  Compared to a previous record, the epileptiform activity and its clinical correlate were not identified in the first study.  