MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Ativan 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in lab using standard 10-20 system of 
electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. This is a 40-minute EEG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing begins, the background EEG is slow and 
lacking some of the typical normal morphologies for an adult. There is theta, delta with a 
prominent sharp wave focus in the left frontotemporal region. There is no comment that the 
patient has a craniotomy. Stimulation of the patient produces an increase in theta as is seen in 
hyperventilation, but it also seems to accentuate the sharp wave or spike wave focus in the left 
frontotemporal region. The focus has an unusual field of spread and is sometimes picked up in 
the contralateral hemisphere. Using a circle montage, the epileptiform focus clearly has a field 
left frontal all the way to T3 and even some involvement in FP1 and F3. There is brief buildup of 
theta or sharp waves but no definitive seizures observed. Photic stimulation does not elicit a 
driving response. As the patient becomes drowsy, the EEG at times has a small degree of 
attenuation lasting approximately a second. Features of sleep including increase in beta 
frequency activity. The data can be reviewed at various paper speeds. The epileptiform activity 
is nearly continuous but does not seem to evolve. No clear clinical correlates are observed with 
the activity. Of note, at the very close of the record, the patient awakens and is relatively 
uncooperative. As he does so, the epileptiform activity disappears but the patient is confused. 
HR: 60 BPM. 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Markedly abnormal background with a pattern of bihemispheric slowing. 
2. Essentially continuous periodic activity in the left hemisphere, particularly frontotemporal 
region with a generous field of spread which does not evolve. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: Additional clinical and/or EEG monitoring assessment of the 
patient is advised given the frequent frontal sharp waves. 