MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Topamax, and Dilantin.  
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake through stage II sleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In maximum wakefulness, the background EEG is symmetric.  There is a 10 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  In the transition from wakefulness to stage II sleep, bursts of generalized slow spike and wave activity is seen.  This burst activity emanates from the left hemisphere at the T5 and O1 regions.  Occasionally, T3, T5, and O1 3 Hz spike and slow wave complexes are also identified.  Hyperventilation increases the burst of 3 Hz high amplitude sharp and spike waves with slow activity.  
Light sleeping also activated the record by increasing the focal spike waves at O1 at 3 to 5 Hz and sometimes spike and slow wave activity is also seen.  Sleep  is evidenced by vertex waves, spindles, and K complexes, as well as the burst of high amplitude spike and wave activity.
Photic stimulation elicits driving as well as the burst activity.  
HR:  72 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Bursts of 3 Hz spike and wave high amplitude activity lasting up to five seconds emanating from the left occipital area. 
Bursts of slow wave complexes of 3 Hz in the left hemisphere.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This abnormal EEG pattern demonstrates a cerebral dysfunction, probably mainly involving the gray matter or cortex.  In comparison to a previous EEG of December 17, 2002 that demonstrated a right hemispheric spike and sharp slow complex activity maximum in the temporal region, as well as the left hemispheric spike and sharp activity, this tracing may reflect the evolving or pathological process in the left hemisphere and possibly the left occipital area.  To further characterize this patient’s seizure activity and location, long-term EEG monitoring may be warranted.  