MEDICATIONS: Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is well organized with an 11.5 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  Drowsiness is characterized by slow rolling eye movements, attenuation of the alpha, and an increase in background theta.  Stimulation is performed early on in the record, eliciting a brief bilateral driving response.  Upon cessation of photic stimulation, as the patient becomes drowsy, again there is generalized, rhythmic 6 Hz activity lasting two seconds in duration followed by a burst of high amplitude, frontally predominant spike and slow wave activity of 3.5 to 4 Hz.  This is a high amplitude, frontally predominant symmetric burst.  No clinical signs or symptoms are noted, but a second burst is identified 20 seconds later.  The second burst is frontally predominant, high amplitude, symmetric with a poly spike and slow wave complex ranging from 3 to 5 Hz.  This one is followed by some of the rhythmic 5 to 6 Hz theta activity.  Additional brief bursts are noted without clinical correlates in a drowsy pattern prior to hyperventilation.  The technologist notes that the patient is asleep.  The video is not functional with this EEG.  
Photic stimulation produces an increase in background theta.  Photic stimulation also augments the generalized, frontally predominant spike and slow wave activity with a burst lasting 4.4 seconds.  This burst in hyperventilation is the first burst identified in clear wakefulness.  Additional bursts are seen as the patient drifts off to sleep towards the close of the record, but the other bursts are less than one second in duration.
HR:  50 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Frontally predominant generalized 3 to 5 Hz spike and wave and poly spike and wave activity.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The features described above are characteristic of a primary generalized epilepsy including the accentuation in hyperventilation.  Additional clinical evaluation of this patient may be valuable. 