MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Ativan, and Lopressor. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is awake and/or drowsy. This record begins at 3:00 AM. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: During this portion of the record, the patient is noted to have been confused.  She had been transferred from an outside hospital for subclinical status epilepticus.  She was previously in a nursing home with a history of psychiatric illness and the subclinical status was thought to be related to hypo or hyperglycemia.  The clinical team, over time, notes that the patient’s mental status gradually improved. 
The EEG is remarkable for basically a frontal, generalized periodic discharge at approximately 1.6 to 1.9 Hz in frequency.  In some cases, there seems to be some subtle frequency evolution of the periodic discharge and then return to a more normal background.  The initial background is slow with some theta.  There is also some intermittent focality on the right or left with some of these discharges. As the recording continues, the overall background does improve in between the bursts when the patient is awake.  Reviewing portions of the waveforms, as the recording continues, some of them demonstrate a triphasic-like appearance and an anterior-to-posterior montage with anterior-to-posterior lag.  In the first 24 hours of the record, by 1:30 PM, the waveforms are much more characteristic of triphasic waves in nature than of generalized periodic epileptiform discharges and, in fact, their behaviors are more discrete onset/discrete off set, absence of evolution, and absence of focal sharp waves.  In addition, as the recording continues, the triphasic nature is much more prominent in the frontal regions and not all of the waves have a dramatic representation in the posterior region as do the initial waveforms.  In some of the sections where there are well-formed triphasic waves, there are rare underlying sharp waves associated with those discharges. 
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, August 10, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the record is remarkable for greater muscle and movement artifact than was seen in the initial portions of the record. The quality of the electrodes is not as ideal.  There is an ongoing pattern of bursts of high amplitude activity with a generalized, periodic complex, but in fact the quality of the electrodes is sometimes quite challenging and the waveforms are not as well defined as in previous sections.  Some do demonstrate an anterior-to-posterior lag, but some seem to have an underlying sharp wave.  The off set for the discharge is relatively abrupt and the discharges do not show the same frequency evolution. 
HR: 100 – 120 BPM.
IMPRESSION: This one and a half day long-term video EEG is remarkable for:
	Initially an epileptiform-appearing pattern with discharges poorly localized but not necessarily characteristic of triphasic waves with some focality, underlying sharp waves, and some subtle frequency evolution.
	A transition over time to more of a pattern of triphasic waves with abrupt onset, abrupt off set, and anterior-to-posterior temporal lag. In addition, the overall background improved dramatically and the background demonstrates little in the way of background slowing by the close of the record.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This is an extremely challenging record.  In an individual with seizures and/or metabolic encephalopathy, the initial EEG may have demonstrated a subclinical status pattern and the burst discharges may have been a very late status epilepticus pattern, or an unusual triphasic pattern in an individual with either underlying focal brain injury or predisposition to seizures. 