MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Phenobarbital, Topamax. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. This is an awake and drowsy record with hyperventilation and photic stimulation. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the background EEG is reasonably well organized with a 9 Hz, 40 to 50 V posterior dominant rhythm.  In wakefulness, there are bursts of focal slowing from the right temporal region with a single right temporal sharp and slow wave discharge.  In addition, there are occasional bursts of left temporal irregular slowing, again with a single burst of left temporal sharply contoured delta.  
The primary abnormalities in this EEG are elicited in hyperventilation.  These are features of frontally predominant, relatively symmetric high amplitude, 3 to 4 Hz spike and slow wave activity.  The vast majority of the discharges are symmetric, some of which have after-going suppression. Some include a poly spike component. Others seem to be somewhat maximum from the left and may have a small amount of left temporal irregularity before the discharge.  However, the vast majority of discharges are symmetric. The bursts are 3 to 7 seconds in duration.  They are at times somewhat irregular.  They are seen into the post-HV record.  In addition, in the post-HV record, there are bursts of frontally predominant rhythmic delta activity, which are relatively remote from the hyperventilation.  Drowsiness is characterized by slow rolling eye movements. 
Photic stimulation elicits driving, but there is also a photoparoxysmal response  at 21 Hz. 
HR:  66 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for a subject of this age due to:
Generalized, frontally predominant spike and slow wave activity, which was at times somewhat irregular.   
Independent, right or left temporal irregular theta/delta with rare bursts of sharply contoured delta activity from either temporal region.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The epileptiform features described above are complex. Consideration for either a frontal lobe focus or more than path of physiology to explain this patient’s seizures could be of use.  However, the primary features are most supportive of a primary generalized epilepsy. 