MEDICATIONS: 	Keppra, Dilantin, Methadone
INTRODUCTION: 	Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. 	Hyperventilation and photic stimulation are performed.
This is an awake and asleep record.
DESCRIPTION OF TH E RECORD: 	In wakefulness, the background EEG is remarkable for disorganization. 	There is a posterior? dominant rhythm which achieves 7 Hz. 	6-7 Hz central activity is observed bilaterally. 	The overall background demonstrates a
high amplitude. 	There are some bursts of notched frontal delta.
In addition, there are bursts of rhythmic, sharply contoured, repetitive theta/delta from the left, without clear clinical correlate. 	 Occasional left posterior temporal sharp waves are observed. 	The sleep record is remarkable for hypersynchronous rhythmic slowing and a decrease in the epileptiform features.
As the individual is awakened for photic stimulation, there is a burst of repetitive sharp waves or sharply contoured slowing at T3/T5.
Photic stimulation elicits a scant driving response. 	The overall organization during photic stimulation is the best throughout this record, but it remains markedly abnormal. 	There are some awake sections where the background organization has improved, but again, these high-amplitude, or repetitive left temporal sharp waves are observed with variable maximum, including anterior temporal or posterior temporal. 	At faster frequency stimulation, photic stimulation elicits more symmetric driving.
Hyperventilation produces an increase ln amplitude of this high?
amplitude record.
HR: 54 bpm
IMPRESSION: 	Markedly abnormal EEG due to:
1. Background slowing and disorganization for an adult of this age.
2. Slow alpha rhythm.
3. Epileptiform features which today include primarily left posterior temporal or anterior temporal sharp waves as well as TIRDA with anterior-posterior maximum.
4. Bursts of notched frontal delta.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: 	Some of these features were seen in a previous study.	This record is improved compared to the
07/09/2007 study in that a posterior-dominant rhythm can be identified. 	The left temporal features are more remarkable in this record today, in part due to the fact that the overall background has improved.
This EEG supports a diffuse disturbance of cerebral function. The primary epileptiform focus is in the left temporal region, but this is a variable focus and widespread areas of epileptogenicity should be considered.