Indication for procedure:  mapping for speech
MEDICATION: Dilantin, Versed, and other anesthetic agents
INTRODUCTION: Intraoperative corticography is performed in the operating room with a 20 contact grid. There are four contacts anterior to posterior and five contacts superior to inferior.  The grid was placed over the patient's hemisphere over the left superior temporal gyrus as well as the angular gyrus.  A diagram was drawn indicating the corresponding sections in the patient's MRl scan of the brain. This EEG monitoring followed intraoperative meta sensory testing.  The montage employed included bipolar contacts, comparing the first and second contacts, then the second-third, third-fourth, fourth-fifth, in similar patterns throughout the grid.  This montage was developed after ongoing adjustments.  In the prestimulation baseline, occasional spiking was identified in the anterior and superior contacts of the grid.
Stimulation of the grid was undertaken at 2-4-6 milliamps.
R ESULTS:
Stimulation of the patient produced only a single anti discharge.  All of the
stimulations at one to two milli amps did not produce an anti discharge.  At two milli amps, the patient missed a test item in the comparison of contacts 6-7 and 13-14. However on repeat testing he was able to answer correctly and to name test items without difficulty.
At 2:52 on line contacts 16-17 are stimulated at an intensity of 4 to 6 milli amps.  This produces an after discharge in the first group, which is most intense in the fourth channel which should correspond to most superior contacts in the grid. In fact, this should correspond to the most superior contacts in the grid, including the anterior portion of the grid.  The patient is able to speak, but his language does not make sense.  He remains awake, alert.  The EEG pattern was monitored for an extended period of time and did not evolve into any other sort of pattern.
CLINICAL  CORRELATION:  EEG monitoring during this corticography is remarkable for
1.  An after discharge elicited from the most superior contacts with stimulation of
contacts 16-17, which corresponds to the superior posterior aspect of the grid.
The clinical correlation for this discharge was nonsensical but preserved speech in the context of an individual with significant baseline aphasia These results were associated with the clinical team intraoperatively.