MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Dilantin. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  No previous EEGs were available for comparison.  This is an awake and asleep record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is appropriately organized for a child of this age.  There is an 8 Hz posterior dominant rhythm reaching amplitudes up to 80 V on the left, but approximately 50% of this amplitude is on the right.  There is age appropriate quantities of background theta. Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record producing some muscle artifact, as well as some rhythmic theta in the background.  The alpha on the right seems to drop out in hyperventilation but persists in wakefulness on the left.  In addition, on one occasion, the alpha rhythm seems to march through when the patient opens and closes his eyes on the left.  Following hyperventilation, as the child becomes drowsy, there is an increase in the background with mixed theta.  There are impedance problems with the T3 electrode.  Towards the close of the record, as hyperventilation starts, there is a single, suspicious left temporal sharp wave, but unfortunately there are some technical quality issues of the record at that time.  
Photic stimulation elicits driving at 3 Hz, which is present bilaterally but somewhat more vigorous on the left than the right.  
HR:  90 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for a child of this age due to:
	1.	Amplitude asymmetry with higher amplitude alpha frequency on the left and intrahemispheric differences in terms of reactivity of the posterior dominant rhythm, as well as response to photic stimulation.  
CLINICAL CORRELATION: While issues such as lead placement and a bedside portable record could play a role in the amplitude of the alpha, the asymmetry in terms of the response in hyperventilation and photic stimulation would support a unilateral lesion.  Correlation with imaging may be of use.  In addition, because of the question of a single temporal sharp wave, a follow-up with T1 and T2 electrodes is recommended.  