MEDICATIONS: Ativan, Dilantin, and Buspirone. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient has an event during the EEG. Hyperventilation is performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Although the patient is markedly drowsy throughout much of the record, there is a 9 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm with a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  Features of drowsiness include an increase in beta and theta.  Hyperventilation is performed with fair effort, producing an increase in the amplitude of the background.  At the end of hyperventilation, the patient has a single episode of both shoulders jerking at 11:37:07.  Slowly, at 11:53, she starts to have rocking of the head from side to side and then has rocking from side to side with alternating movements of the hands, with hands coming up and going down and then head rocking from side to side.  During this event, although there is some movement artifact, the EEG otherwise demonstrates an awake pattern.  The technologist interacts with the patient during the event giving her a code word.  The patient has multiple different behaviors during this episode including brief hyperextension of the back and then slow rocking from side to side.  
Towards the end of the behavior, the tech uses a nasal tickle.  The patient looks apprehensive and at one point turns away just briefly, but doesn’t move substantially.  She does blink to threat during the event, and towards the end of the event, seems upset or angry and is staring away from the direction of the technologist.  As the technologist moves around the room, however, the patient can be seen to track the tech with her eyes.  After the event is over, the patient tells the tech that the only thing she can remember is that her name is Janet.  
HR:  84 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: EEG within normal limits.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: Although the patient was initially quite drowsy, there is no epileptiform activity.  This patient had a complex and prolonged behavioral event without EEG change.