MEDICATIONS: Ativan drip currently bolus at 6:00 PM x five doses, then every three hours, Phenobarbital, Dilantin, Acyclovir, antibiotics, Vecuronium, Succinylcholine.
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standing 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG.  Clinical seizures are noted at 1500 and 1600 hours.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The overall pattern throughout the night is an unusual pattern.  There are periodic complexes identified from either hemisphere.  As the recording continues and the first seizure is seen at 15:22, there are the triangular shaped waves, which in this case appear to be much more prominent from the right than the left.  This is followed by periodic sharp waves from the right hemisphere, again with this unusual variability at C4, T4, P4, but also picked up at T5, which is the left posterior temporal region.  The periodic complexes follow this.  The team is present, identifies the seizures at the bedside, and initiates Ativan at 15:31 and then additional Phenobarbital at 16:09. Following the Ativan at 15:39, the EEG becomes somewhat discontinuous, but the periodic complexes and the triangular shaped wave forms can be seen in the right hemisphere and left posterior temporal region.  The epileptiform activity waxes and wanes.  There are brief ictal discharges including the triangular shaped waves.  Of note, the left hemisphere is richer in beta frequency activity than the right.  Ativan drip is initiated at 1700 hours.  This produces some intermittent attenuation of the background and a burst suppression pattern is a little asymmetric, the left temporal region is less suppressed than the other regions of the brain.  Over the course of the evening, this pattern gradually improves. It is more continuous with less prominent sharp and slow wave complexes and the triangular shaped waves seen at 2300 hours.  Again, ongoing improvement is seen at 1:00 AM.  The activity is waning and there aren’t clinical seizures identified at 2:46.  By 2:46, the EEG pattern is increasingly continuous with low voltage fast activity.  There is intermittent arousal muscle in the background and there are some intermittent sharply contoured discharges or sharp waves seen more from the right hemisphere.  There is a pause in the recording at 4:42 AM, and at this time the EEG is subtly discontinuous.  
Additional recording is performed the morning of the 12th on LTM day #1.  The EEG is low voltage, continuous.  There is some subtle periodic activity as previously described.  As the recording continues, the activity continues to improve with a low voltage, somewhat featureless pattern and with some subtle triangular shaped waves with the same morphology, primarily right hemisphere not left.  
HR: 79 to 100 BPM.