MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Keppra, Ativan, Fentanyl, Morphine 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of 
electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient has a trach and is somnolent. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Background EEG is markedly abnormal and demonstrates 
an intrahemispheric asymmetry. The overall pattern is one of slow theta and delta but 
unfortunately the left hemisphere demonstrates more disruption of fast or frequency activity with 
more very slow, arrhythmic delta, sometimes 0.3 Hz delta. In addition, there is a periodic 
complex identified from the left hemisphere maximum the occipital parietal region with some 
superimposed fascial frequency activity. At times, it's maximum at 01. It is a periodic plus type 
complex with some theta noted with this activity. There is variability in the record. Some 
sections demonstrate more theta than others and some spontaneous arousals are observed 
during the EEG. Stimulation of the patient clearly produces and alerting response with 
dramatic drop out of the periodic complexes and increase in faster activity bilaterally. As the 
effect of stimulation wears off, this periodic mixed theta activity can be seen in the left occipital 
region with a much slower periodicity and then gradually building up. 
HR: 120 bpm. 
IMPRESSION-: Markedly abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Prominent intrahemispheric asymmetry with slower arrhythmic delta on the left compared 
to the right. 
2. Periodic sharply contoured activity in the left hemisphere with a generous field of spread 
but primarily left parietal occipital with some superimposed theta activity. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG supports a structural abnormality on the left involving 
gray and white matter which is irritative in nature. Although there is PLEDS plus observed in the 
record, the activity is responsive to stimuli, decreasing with tactile stimulation. Additional EEG 
recording is recommended given the periodic nature of this 
activity. 