MEDICATIONS: Ativan, Dilantin and many others.  
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is described as deeply comatose.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background demonstrates a diffusely slow pattern with a mixture of delta and theta.  Superimposed upon this is a nearly continuous spike and slow wave complex identified at O2>T6.  The activity that surrounds this, including in the anterior temporal region, is markedly suppressed.  The activity from O2 is essentially a continuous spike and slow discharge.  From the left hemisphere, there is some variability.  There are some portions of the record during which, while there is no clinical change in the patient, there is an increase in faster frequency from the left hemisphere, particularly the posterior temporal region.  To some extent, the periodic activity from the right hemisphere may have a relationship to some of this activity as at times the sharp and slow wave activity at T6 had a periodicity of 2 to 4 Hz and there seems to be a frequency underlying this from the activity that is picked up on the left.  The second time that this occurs, the activity is not as sustained, but again the activity from the left appears to be linked to the nearly continuous spike and slow wave activity in the right posterior temporal region.  With the use of a referential montage, this activity appears to be maximum at P4-O2 rather than P6-O2, depending upon the montage used, but there is some variability in that it sometimes is more clearly maximum at O2.  Overall, throughout the record, the build-up of activity from the left occurs three times.  
HR:  96 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Marked suppression of the background with generalized background slowing.
Continuous spike and slow wave complex identified at P6, with on three occasions a build-up of activity into the left hemisphere. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a partial or focal mechanism for seizures.  These results were discussed with the clinical team for this individual and if appropriate, additional imaging may be helpful.  This patient was currently receiving a gentle antiepileptic drug load during the study.  