MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Lipitor.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. No previous EEGs were provided for comparison.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is well organized with an 11 Hz, 50 uV posterior dominant rhythm and a generous amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  There is some eye movement identified in the waking record.  There are bursts of high amplitude, frontally predominant spike and slow wave complexes identified in the record.  Some are discrete and bifrontal and others are maximum in the left, but clearly bilateral at 3.5 Hz.  They are seen just prior to the start of hyperventilation.  Hyperventilation also elicits discrete bursts of spike and wave activity, again at 3.5 to 5 Hz with an after going slow wave.  The bursts are seen as pairs.  Other features of hyperventilation include an increase in the amplitude of the background. Following hyperventilation, as the patient becomes drowsy, there is an increase in beta as the patient becomes drowsy. Again, high amplitude frontally predominant spike and slow wave complexes are identified.  These are symmetric, and some appear to have a poly spike and slow wave component.  As the patient drifts off to sleep, they are increasing and the technologist tests the patient, but none of the bursts are more than two seconds in duration.  The patient seems to awaken a bit from sleep by these bursts of frontally predominant spike and slow wave activity. 
Photic stimulation elicits a driving response.  Photic stimulation may well also augment the spike and slow wave activity as again brief bursts of spike and wave activity were noted in photic.  A sustained photic response was not seen, however, and the spike and wave discharges recur as the patient becomes drowsy, post-photic.  
The patient never experiences the spike and wave discharge while undergoing cognitive testing.  
HR:  60 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	1.	Frontally predominant 3.5 to 5 Hz spike and slow wave activity. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: On the whole, these features are more supportive of a primary generalized mechanism for epilepsy.  Additional neurologic evaluation may be appropriate to achieve a seizure-free state for this individual.  