MEDICATIONS: Phenobarbital, Dilantin, Depakote, Amiodarone, Dopamine, Dobutamine, Valproate Acid, Zosyn, Midazolam, Norepinephrine, Vasopressin 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG was performed at bedside using the standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a low voltage pattern. The patient does not appear to be moving and the video is reviewed. In this low voltage pattern, there are spikes, poly spikes, which are identified in the frontal regions bilaterally including frontocentral. There are some shifting asymmetries and some of them are a bit more prominent in the central regions, a bit more so on the left compared to the right. The overall recording is a low voltage, delta and theta frequency pattern. There are multifocal spikes noted in the record including right frontal, right or left central, and left posterior temporal. The left posterior temporal is associated with some arrhythmic delta. Looking at the video, it is hard to see that this patient has myoclonic jerking but the EEG suggests that there should be muscle jerking. At least on one occasion the hand may seem to jerk but most of the time the epileptiform activity is not associated with clinical movements. Tactile stimulation such as the bath produces sustained muscle artifact suggestive of jerking. Review of the EEG at that time clearly identifies jerking of the thorax and head. There are no spontaneous sustained seizures. All episodes of more prolonged myoclonus occur after tactile stimulation. 
HR: 90 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Markedly slow and low voltage background. 
2. Multifocal epileptiform discharges from both hemispheres with multiple localizations including left posterior and frontal. 
3. Stimulus-induced myoclonus. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: These findings are similar to previous EEGs. Although there is prominent epileptiform activity, the only time more prolonged discharges occur is with tactile stimulation, compatible with post anoxic stimulus-induced myoclonus. 