MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Dilantin, Trileptal, ASA, Lisinopril, Vit-B, Zocor 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 
system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. Patient is somnolent but moving 
about and answering questions. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a slow pattern 
bilaterally with theta-delta pattern. In addition, superimposed upon this is a rhythmicdelta from the righi posterior quadrant and in this region there is also a sharp wave in 
the right posterotemporal region. 
The patient has a seizure while working with the tech. The seizure seems to begin 
while the tech is working with the patient and the first ictal changes are at 15:48. The  
ictal changes include an increase in theta frequency activity. 
By 01:49:00 very clear ictal changes are noted with the patient looking, instead of at the 
right, he is looking at the left and blinking. He remains responsive to the technologist at 
0:48:55 as this activity-builds up. He seems to be confused, but he does follow 
commands and closes his eyes at 0:49:14. The tech is working with the patient. so she 
does not observe the rhythmic repetitive theta activity in the right temporal region which 
spreads to the parietal and occipital region as well. He stops speaking, though. By 
• 15:50 the physician comes to examine the patient who is clearly confused and unable to 
follow commands, with roving eye movements. He does provide a few words at 
; 15:50:33. This electrographic seizure has a clear end at 15:51:11 and likely onset 
gradual evolution of faster frequencies at 15:48 for a total seizure duration of 
approximately 3 minutes. 
Afterwards, the EEG returns to its previous, slower periodic sharp wave from the right 
hemisphere which gradually build up at 15:54:03. Facial twitching is noted. 
The second seizure is a grand mal seizure but starts with facial twitching and actually 
has a complex partial component where the patient actually seems to be somewhat 