CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 60-year-old male with a long history of alcohol withdrawal seizures and epilepsy now with subdural hematoma and recurrent seizures. 
MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Dilantin, and 6 mg of Ativan.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient has an episode of facial twitching just prior to EEG initiation and another clinical episode of one minutes’ duration.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates an intrahemispheric asymmetry.  Typically, the overall background is slow, but there is some alpha and theta frequency activity from the left and with arousals there is an alpha rhythm identifiable on the left.  The right hemisphere demonstrates intermittent disruption of faster frequency activity and slower arrhythmic delta activity and more of a slower, periodic complex from the right posterior quadrant.  The periodic activity is broadly formed and comes out a bit better at a slow paper speed in that the periodic discharges may be close to a second in nature with a broad distribution in the right hemisphere including the central and parietal regions.  Given the nature of the muscle activity, which occurs with the facial twitching, there isn’t a clear clinical correlate for this 60-second facial twitching with a periodic slowing from the right.  In addition, the periodic activity from the right is not at the same frequency as the facial twitching. 
This record demonstrates reactivity and variability with an intermittently more alert pattern, most remarkable from the left. 
During the EEG, the patient receives Levetiracetam and Ativan.  By the close of the record, the activity is considerably slower and the periodic activity is most remarkable in the posterior quadrant, almost with a small discrete poly spike component at P4 by the end. 
HR:  96 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	An electrographic seizure characterized by left facial twitching without a clear clinical correlate.
	Intrahemispheric asymmetry with intermittent, relatively prominent disruption of faster frequency activity from the right hemisphere, and a slow, periodic discharge from the right hemisphere.
	A discrete, couplet of fast activity at P4.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The clinical event without a clear EEG signature is most compatible with an epilepsy partialis continua.  Overall, the background does seem to be improving following administration of medications.  Additional EEG monitoring may be warranted to make sure that the underlying epileptiform activity is abating.  


