CLINICAL HISTORY: Fifty-eight-year-old woman with a history of 
epilepsy, stroke, diabetes, and hypertension admitted with a 
focal seizure. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Keppra, Ativan, Lebetalol 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at bedside in ICU 
using standard 10/20 system of electrode placement with 1 
channel of EKG. This study is done at 1941, several hours after 
the patient required intubation and treatment with 
benzodiazepines and 2 seizure medications. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Background EEG is abnormal with a 
mixture of delta and theta. There is some focal artifact picked 
up on the right and although there is no mention, one would 
wonder about a breech rhythm. Despite the artifacts which are 
never resolved by the technologist, there is the suggestion of a 
focus in that region. 
IMPRESSION: This piece of record which is considered the 
baseline does not meet technical criteria for a baseline EEG in 
that montages are not performed and technically it is 
unsatisfactory because it looks to be an unattended study with 
loss of electrodes. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded. Despite the 
technical limitations, no seizure is recorded and no definitive 
epileptiform features were observed. 
Long Term Monitor 07-73 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at 
bedside in the ICU using standard 10/20 system of electrode 
placement. No clinical seizures are recorded. The background EEG 
starts with a slow pattern. There is some electrodes problems 
but there seems to be some focal slowing from the right and a 
question of a breech rhythm. As the recording continues, 
although the background electrodes are sometimes compromised, 
the overall pattern appears to be improving with increasing 
faster frequency, less slowing, and less in the way of sharp 
activity. 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal electroencephalogram due to: 
1. 
Generalized background slowing. 
2. 
Superimposed focal slowing from the right with a handful of 
sharp waves. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded for this 
patient with recent, critical seizures. 


