CLINICAL HISTORY:  37 year old left handed female seizures
MEDICATIONS:  Ativan, Valium,  Dilantin,  Depakote,  Tegretol, ASA
INTRODUCTION:	Continuous digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EK G.  The patient has 2 spells during the EEG.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:	Random wakefulness and sleep:  In wakefulness the background EEG includes a well organized 10 Hz alpha rhythm with a small amount of low voltage, frontal central beta activity, spindles, K-complexes, and P O STS are observed in stage 2 sleep.
Push button event :
1.	Time 18:07:53.  The patient is with her family. She begins to cry and has bicycling movements with alternating movements from either leg.  The EEG pattern demonstrates a well defined awake pattern with a well defined alpha rhythm.  The physician enters at 8:11. The patient has alternating movements and poor responsiveness.  The background EEG demonstrates an awake pattern.  The end of the event is somewhat difficult to determine, but she is not so interactive at
18:24.	Despite this, the EEG demonstrates a normal wake pattern. At 18:26 she is unresponsive to her family despite an EEG demonstrating a normal wake pattern.
2.	Time 20:36.  Practice push button with nurse, the EEG demonstrates a normal wake pattern .
3.	Time 21:16.  Event.  Poor responsiveness.   Physician comes to check in on the patient and provide medication. Although the patient is poorly responsive, an EEG demonstrates an awake pattern with normal spontaneous purposeful movements.
4.	Time 03:48:25.  The patient has another characteristic event with crying and alternating motor activity. This EEG is remarkable for a great deal of side to side movement, alternating arms and legs, and looking from side to side.  A nurse enters and the patient is clearly interactive.  She is moaning and crying. The EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern.
5.	Time 07:10:22.  Push button event.  The patient pushes the button herself.  The EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern. A nurse enters and checks in on the patient. She appears to be unhappy, but no epileptiform features are identified.
6.	Time 08:39 on October 7, 2010.  Practice push button.  Normal awake pattern.
HR:	60-90 bpm
IMPRESSION:  EEG monitoring identified:
1.	No pathological features.
2.	No background slowing.
3.	Multiple behavioral events without epileptiform activity.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The behavioral events in question had characteristic features of a non-epileptic seizures,  including crying, alternating muscle activity, and preserved responsiveness. 	Of  note, the patient's baseline EEG was abnormal with excess theta, which may represent medication adjustment.


