CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 28-year-old male with anoxia, chronic static encephalopathy, and epilepsy. 
MEDICATIONS: Clonazepam, Depakote, and Klonopin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is spastic, contractured, and in a supportive wheelchair.  The patient was sedated for this EEG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG is abnormal.  The overall background is diffusely slow, medium amplitude, with a mixture of theta and beta frequency activity, although other frequencies are present.  There is complex and frequent epileptiform activity identified in the EEG. Most of the activity is maximum in the right hemisphere with variable maxima including right frontal, right hemispheric bursts of paroxysmal fast activity, maximum in the right parietal region, but with involvement of the entire right hemisphere as well as some in the left.  Other foci are more anterior in the right hemisphere.  There are few epileptiform discharges that are clearly maximum in the left and the fast majority are most prominent in the right, but do demonstrate volume conduction to the left.  Towards the close of the record, there are more significant bursts of generalized paroxysmal fast activity and these bursts are more generalized in their appearance, although they seem to be maximum in the posterior head region.  There are also poly spike and slow wave complexes picked up in the occipital regions.  
HR:  66 BPM, with occasional PVCs.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Generalized background slowing with absence of the normal background anticipated for age. 
Epileptiform activity from the right hemisphere, much of it maximum in the posterior regions with both generalized, hemispheric and focal epileptiform activity in various maxima through the hemisphere. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing is most supportive a focal or localization-related mechanism for epilepsy, although the generalized paroxysmal fast activity is again a generalized mechanism.  No seizures were recorded.  This EEG supports a severe disturbance of cerebral function.  Correlation with imaging may be valuable.  


