CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 47-year-old woman with recurrent seizures, refractory epilepsy. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG demonstrates an asymmetric background.  The right  hemisphere is relatively well organized with a 10.5 Hz, 30 to 40 V posterior dominant rhythm.  The left hemisphere demonstrates rhythmic theta from the left with disruption of faster frequency activity, particularly in the frontocentral and frontotemporal regions.  Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record and doesn’t seem to accentuate the focal slowing, although it does produce some bilateral slowing.  As hyperventilation continues, at 140 seconds into HV, there are left temporal sharp and slow wave complexes identified with as many as four prominent and four subtle sharp waves in a ten-second period.  At the same time, during hyperventilation, there is rhythmic background slowing as well as the focal slowing identified.  In the post-HV recording, again there are frequent high amplitude left anterior temporal sharp and slow wave and spike and slow wave complexes.  As the patient becomes drowsy, there is both the rhythmic slowing from the left temporal region, as well as occasional arrhythmic slowing and the frequent sharp waves.  Occasional vertex waves are seen followed by brief stage II sleep with vertex waves and spindles.  The epileptiform activity persists into stage II sleep, as does some of the focal slowing.  
Photic stimulation is associated with bilateral driving.  The epileptiform activity persists throughout photic stimulation.  
HR:  78 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Left anterior temporal spike and slow wave activity.
Left frontotemporal focal slowing, rhythmic greater than arrhythmic.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a partial mechanism for epilepsy.  Consideration for a structural or functional abnormality on the left would be appropriate. 


