CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 23-year-old male with suicide attempt by hanging, admitted 6/13/06.
MEDICATIONS: Propofol- Dilantin, morphine, Midazalam, and Solumedrol.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient may have been receiving Versed and Propofol during this recording. This record begins at 1700 hours on the 15th and concludes on the afternoon of the 16th. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a low voltage pattern, which is continuous.  There are smaller amounts of faster frequency activity identified in the frontal regions.  There is variability in the record and at some points there is more theta activity in the central regions.  There is a person at the bedside at 5:00 AM.  At that time, the patient has spontaneous eye flutter and the EEG clearly demonstrates a pattern with a dramatic increase in beta activity.  There is also a nurse at the bedside, making contact with the patient at 4:06.  Again, eye movements are identified and a beta pattern is seen in association with this as well.  After the nurse moves away, the patient intermittently arouses with a pattern of beta and faster frequency activity.  Overall, as the first section of the recording continues, the patient demonstrates increasing frontal eye movements, as well as lateral rectus artifact.  There is intermittent fast activity in the frontal regions and a suggestion of what may be an eye artifact in the frontal region versus some fast activity.  Again, by 6:00 AM, more spontaneous arousals are noted, more eye movement is seen, and the EEG shows overall an improvement in the characteristics of the activity seen.  
Long-Term Monitoring, June 16, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The technologist is at the bedside in the morning.  There is some artifact picked up in the frontal electrodes, but stimulation of the patient clearly produces a dramatic impact on this EEG with an increase in faster frequency activity.  The artifacts from the frontal electrodes are not entirely addressed.  Stimulation of the patient on each and every occasion produces an alerting response with an increasingly rich background.  At 13:59, family members come in to visit.  The EEG again is remarkable for continuous faster frequency pattern.  The patient has spontaneous eye movements.  It is not clear if the patient has other movements; large body movements are difficult to visualize on the video for this individual.  Medicines are provided at the end of the recording and include: Dilantin, morphine, Midazalam, and Solumedrol. 
HR:  120 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is remarkable for: 
	1.	Increasingly rich and continuous pattern of cerebral activity. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No epileptiform features were identified in this record.  The presence of reactivity and variability are positive prognostic factors.  The generous beta may be due to the use of sedative hypnotic medications.  


