CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 49-year-old woman with a long history of depression with psychotic features.  She is a high school graduate.  Patient was in her early 20s when she fell and slipped and hit her head while working at McDonalds.  Recalls little of the details, but had loss of consciousness and was hospitalized, subsequently developing intractable epilepsy.  Previous evaluations have suggested that the patient’s behaviors are more compatible with non-epileptic seizures.  Comorbid history includes obesity, hirsutism, and obstructive sleep apnea.
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Phenobarbital, Paxil, Geodon, Singulair, and others. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the Long-Term Monitoring Unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is educated as to how to press the push buttons.
PUSH BUTTON EVENTS:
Time 13:07: Multiple practice push buttons.  The patient is eating. 
Time 14:19: Typical behavioral event with nurse at the bedside.  The patient is sitting up, talking on the telephone at 14:07.  The EKG demonstrates a heart rate of 80.  At 14:10, she is back in bed and the EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern with a well-formed alpha rhythm.  She is speaking on the phone at 14:12.  The conversation seems to be a happy one.  She is still on the phone at 14:16, holding the push button monitor.  At 14:16, she turns, hangs up the phone, and moves about in the bed.  She then scratches her head and coughs.  The EEG still demonstrates a normal awake pattern.  She puts her hands to her mouth at 14:16:27 and puts her hand back down. The EEG at this point demonstrates a normal awake pattern.  She then starts to demonstrate a pattern and the motor activity begins at 14:16:25.  At this time, the EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern until the motor activity builds up.  The activity includes a tapping of the right hand and alternating movements of the right leg.  It isn’t until 14:16:35 that artifacts in the right produce movement artifact, but the remainder of the EEG with this individual who is demonstrating bilateral motor kick in and at this time the frontocentral electrodes are entirely intact as a single channel artifact in the right temporal region and some movement artifact, particularly as she rocks her head from side to side.  The channels without the artifact do not demonstrate any change in the background.  The nurse enters at 14:18:55 and calls the patient who doesn’t respond.  The patient continues to shake her head from side to side with alternating movements of her legs.  Interestingly, the patient continues to hold on to the EEG push button.  As the nurse walks away, the velocity of the motor movements increases and the movements are approximately 3 Hz.  The patient’s heart rate increases with these behaviors to greater than 100 BPM.  The technologist comes back and interacts with the patient. Immediately when the event is over, the patient pushes the button and at this time no postictal changes are noted in the EEG.  The total duration of this event is approximately six minutes.  The EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern at 14:24, but the patient demonstrates some slowed responsiveness.  
Time 20:37: The patient is in bed.  She seems to be having akathisia sitting up, rocking her legs back and forth from side to side.  The EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern.  As time goes on, she rocks her right leg back and forth, lifting and at times almost in a circular manner, and she bounces the right leg back against the left.  This behavior seems to end at 20:31:20 and then additional leg movements recur, waxing and waning.  
The nurse enters vital signs at 20:45:42.  There is a push button alarm at this time.  
Time 22:04: The patient again has similar bicycling movements.  The bicycling and head-rocking produces some artifact, but the channel is not involved with the artifact and demonstrates a normal awake pattern with good electrode integrity.
Time 8:25:07: The patient is awake, and no EEG changes are noted.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: In this 24-hour recording, the background EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern with a symmetric, reactive posterior dominant rhythm.  The patient has fragmented sleep and is awake throughout much of the evening recording.   She is noted to be lying flat and sleeping without her CPAP monitor.  When she does start to drift off to sleep, primarily early sleep stages are identified.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, June 18, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the record demonstrates a normal awake pattern.  The technologist comes in and checks in with the patient.  This section of the record ends at 11:23.  
HR:  96 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: EEG monitoring during this long-term monitoring session is remarkable for: 
	The absence of epileptiform activity.
	Multiple behaviors without typical characteristics of seizures and without EEG change.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The behaviors, particularly with a normal awake EEG and a normal interictal EEG, suggests the diagnosis other than epilepsy for this individual.  Of note, there was rare sleep, although some sleep was captured at 1:00 AM, compatible with this patient’s history of obstructive sleep apnea.   


