CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 6-year-old male with tonic-clonic seizures three years ago – last seizure two years ago.  Patient now has head jerking two to three times per day.  History of ADHD and previous treatment with Dilantin.
MEDICATIONS: None.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. Previous EEGs not available for comparison.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In maximum wakefulness, the background EEG is appropriately organized for a child of this age with a 10 Hz, 50 to 70 uV posterior dominant rhythm and some posterior slow waves of youth.  Prior to hyperventilation, the patient is resting comfortably.  The child has an approximately two-second spell of sitting up with head jerking and eyes opening spontaneously.  This is an extremely high voltage discharge.  It is reviewed with a sensitivity of 50 uV/mm.  At this sensitivity, there is a generalized 1.6 second burst with, by the time the entire burst is over, is almost three seconds in duration.  Using various montages, the burst is generalized, but does seem to start with poly spike and slow wave activity in the right frontal region.  It is followed by two discrete spike and slow wave complexes, which, working with different montages, are maximum in the right frontocentral/frontotemporal regions. Hyperventilation is performed, and in hyperventilation additional bursts are identified; again, very high amplitude requiring review with a sensitivity of 50 uV/mm and bursts with a spike in all likelihood reaching greater than 200 uV, with a total spike and slow wave discharge reaching amplitudes of 200 uV and greater.  The second burst in hyperventilation is of similar duration, approximately 3 seconds, and that burst is generalized in nature.  It doesn’t seem to start in the right frontal region. Following this, there is focal spike and slow wave activity, again picked up in the right frontocentral region with a pair of discharges, but without the sustained bursts.  
In regard to the brief bursts of spike and slow wave activity, which occurred in hyperventilation, the video is reviewed.  The tech indicates that the child experienced head tremor with the event that occurred in hyperventilation and in careful review of the video, it is clear that the child has a series of head tremors in association with that burst as well.  Additional clinical discharges are noted with an approximately 2-second burst at 15:50:14, and there is a series of three head jerks associated with this burst.  Isolated poly spike activity, frontally maximum but on the right with simply pairs or trios of discharges do not seem to be clinically significant.  These occur as the child is falling asleep.  There is an additional pair of bursts as the child transitions to sleep and again it is hard to see a clinical correlate for those bursts.  
Photic stimulation is remarkable for a photoelectric artifact, as well as some underlying driving.  
HR:  120 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	Clinical seizures characterized by epileptiform activity with frontally predominant 3 to 5 Hz spike and slow wave activity with a poly spike component maximum in the frontal regions typically lasting 1.5 to 3.5 seconds in duration with one or two bursts that are longer.
	Underlying right frontal focus.
	Clinical events characterized by head bobbing, typically with three-head bobs in most of the discharges. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: Although the discharge is primarily a high amplitude, generalized discharge, there is clear underlying focality in this discharge.  It may be more appropriate to consider this a focal, frontal mechanism for seizures rather than a primary generalized mechanism.  


