CLINICAL  HISTORY:  This is a 29-year-old male admitted on 3/4/07 with a stab wound to the hea1i and an anoxic injury.   Past history of poly substance abuse and seizures, now with intermittent facial twitching.
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Propofol, Midazalam, others.
INTRODUCTION:  Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient receives a neuromuscular blockade during the EEG to eliminate some of the repetitive blinking and facial grimacing.
				DESCRIPTION  OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is intubated, but has not yet received the Vecuronium.  The EEG demonstrates a pattern with generous alpha frequency activity, some delta frequency activity, and an unusual bifrontal, periodic complex with an unusual field of spread and a positivity at Cz. The activity seems to be most remarkable in the frontal and mid-temporal electrodes. As the recording begins, there are no clinical signs associated with it.  Sometimes these high an1plitude, bilateral, periodic complexes are followed by attenuation. The patient is examined prior to the use of Vecuronium. 	Tactile stimulation may accentuate the electrodecremental response. Subtle twitching is first identified about 13 minutes into the EEG and is associated with a burst of relatively generalized alpha frequency activity. The periodic complexes are also more prominent at  that  time.	As  the  recording continues, additional twitching is associated with the appearance of this faster frequency activity.  Vecuronium 5 mg is given as the twitching increases more substantially. It is  hard to see on the video, although the technologist sees it, but it produces a great deal of artifact.  In addition, as the recording continues, overall the patient's movements do seem to increase. This EEG is recorded in two sections, and the section at 11:04 follows the use of the Vecuronium. In this  section with the use  of Vecuronium, as well as without, there is  this alpha frequency activity, as well as these unusual periodic complexes with a positivity in the central regions, which seem to correlate with this patient's symptoms.	The patient's Propofol and Midazalam are titrated upwards in  this second piece of EEG.	The twitching decreases briefly, but later on increases again with these bursts of fast activity
Although observers at the bedside can see the patient twitching, this is more difficult to see on the video.  The EEG at 12:24 shows an overall pattern is similar to the initial section of the record with these bursts of alpha or beta buzzes last seen typically on the order of three seconds and unusual periodic complexes with an unusual field of spread.
HR:  100BPM.
IMPR ESSION/CLINICAL CORRELATION:  This prolonged EEG is remarkable for:
1.  An unusual ictal pattern with bursts of fast activity and periodic complexes. With the use of a neuromuscular blocking agent, these appear to be epileptogenic in nature.


