	CLINICAL HISTORY: 	Fifty-eight-year-old  woman with hypertension, hyperlipidemia, elevated glucose, and refractory left temporal lobe seizures. No seizures are observed by the computer, the nurses or the patient during this 24 hours.
	MEDICATIONS: 	Carbamazepine, Gabapentin, Dilantin
	INTRODUCTION: 	Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10/20 system of electrode placement with
1 channel of EKG. A program with seizure and spike detection is
employed.
	DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: 	Much of the record includes a well­ organized background. Other portions of the record demonstrate intermittent, rhythmic slowing from the left temporal region with sharp waves identified in wakefulness and sleep. Much of the record includes a drowsy pattern with hypersynchronous background slowing and again sharp waves. While there are prominent portions of the record with epileptiform activity and focal slowing, other portions demonstrate a relatively well­ organized background.
Long-Term Monitoring July 24, 2007 to July 25, 2007
	CLINICAL HISTORY:	During this section of the record, the
patient had 2 well-defined seizures. Reviewing the record, there are probably 3 seizures with 1 complex partial seizure occurring after a subsequent seizure.
Random wakefulness and sleep: In wakefulness, portions of the record include a well-organized background. Other sections demonstrate TIRDA and left temporal sharp waves. Much of the sleep record includes drowsiness. A rhythmic delta from the left temporal region is observed during sleep. In comparison to the previous section of the record, the patient seems to spend more time in deeper stages of sleep. The sleep record demonstrates focal temporal rhythmic theta and/or delta and sharp waves.
Seizure #1 time 9:38:57. The patient has been sitting, talking on the phone. The background EEG is well-organized until the seizure occurs. There is an audio in place and it is possible to hear what appears to be a man's voice coming not the patient's voice as well as individuals in the hallway and the television.
The first ictal changes include the appearance of sharp waves and theta at 9:38:57. there is repetitive 4 Hz activity in the left temporal region. Much of this is high amplitude. The activity can be reviewed with a decrease in the sensitivity and in fact decreasing the sensitivity to 20 even without filtering clearly demonstrates rhythmic repetitive sharp waves emanating at 09:39:06 followed by a rhythmic buildup. The activity demonstrates a crescendo pattern at 9:40. The patient is observed to have a temperamental EKG electrode but appears to have tachycardia and then loss of the EKG electrode. This is concerning in this older adult.
Clinical manifestations of this seizure include what appears to be speech arrest by the patient. By 9:41:07, she has made a transition from some automatic behavior in her lower extremities to focal jerks on the right.
At 9:41:27, it sounds like somebody in the background is aware of the seizure. By 9:41:37, at that time it is a late ictal pattern with slowing from both hemispheres. Delta is observed at
9:41:27 compatible with slowing of the seizure. The patient drops the phone at 09:41:47.
The patient is in the room by herself for some time before a nurse enters. The EEG seems to be improving by 10:01. By 10:14, although there is some movement artifact, there is a question as to whether or not there could have been another seizure but the patient is interactive with the nurse at the time. The
background EEG demonstrates some delta and some slowing overall.
Seizure #2 time 16:04:26. The patient is in the room with 2 family members. In reviewing the data over time, it appears that the family members do not recognize the start of the seizure at
16:04:25. The patient is sitting up. She does not talk and she
starts to push her tray to the side. Individuals are speaking in the room but nobody seems to notice that she is not speaking as there is a train of repetitive sharp activity from the left temporal region with a T1 maximum. Repetitive spikes are seen at
16:04:30. Clear-cut frequency evolution is observed. This is seen as the tray moves laterally at 16:04:39. The patient is
using her right hand to move the tray. The x-ray tech comes in, and the patient slumps back at 16:05:10. As she does this, the epileptiform activity transitions and has more spread to the left frontocentral region and the left temporal region. The seizure ends just as everyone recognizes the seizure at
16:06:15. The patient is lying on her back. By the time the
nurse and the EG tech come in, she was postictal. There is some postictal slowing observed.
Random wakefulness in sleep: Portions of the record demonstrate a well-organized background without epileptiform activity. Others demonstrate high amplitude spike and slow wave activity
and rhythmic left temporal theta and delta. Features of stage II
sleep include vertex waves, K-complexes and spindles.
	HR: 	60 bpm
	IMPRESSION: 	After day four, represents 48 hours or long-term video EEG.
Continuation Long Term Monitoring (07/25/07 - 07/26/07)
		INTRODUCTION: 	Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in room 447A using standard 10-20 system mode of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. 	During this portion of the record, no clinical seizures are observed by the nurse, same team, family, or patient.
				DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:	The background EEG demonstrates intermittent left temporal focal slowing with TIRDA. 	Occasional temporal Theta is observed. 	 Sharp waves are observed primarily in this section of the record in sleep. 	They can also be observed in wakefulness and may be discreet or prominent and be associated with after going slow waves. 		Review of the seizure detector identifies artifact and sharp waves as well as some EKG artifact but no definite seizures.
HR: 50-80 bpm.
	IMPRESSION: 	Abnormal continuous video EEG monitoring due to:
1. Left anterior temporal spike in slow wave complexes seen in wakefulness and sleep, sometimes associated with focal slowing.
		2. Two seizures were recorded. 	Both appeared to be complex partial in nature. 	Testing was slightly limited in part because the patient was off camera on one occasion, but behavioral correlates include stopping with motion arrest,
	automatisms. 	On some occasions the patient did not seem to have automatisms with the left and motion arrest on the rest. Incontinence occurred with one seizure, and retropulsion onto the bed occurred during another complex partial seizure.
	CLINICAL CORRELATION: 	This EEG is diagnostic of complex partial epilepsy and may be correlated with the patient's MRI.


