CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 19-year-old woman with a history of hypertension, end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis admitted for subdural hemorrhage, which was surgically.  Acute seizures, not described
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, antihypertensives, and others. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the Neuro ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were not performed.  This is an awake record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG is continuous and symmetric with generalized slowing.  There is a 7 to 8 Hz, 30 uV posterior dominant rhythm, which is well attenuated with eyes opened.  There is a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  Soon after the EEG commences, the patient began to shake her left arm and then both arms and hands on her abdomen.  The shaking was in a different direction at different rhythms.  The patient could open and close her eyes and follow commands during this episode.  Alternatively, when her left-hand shaking stopped, she began to open and close her legs with shaking, left side worse then the right.  With the prolonged episode, muscle movement artifact can be seen, but no significant EEG changes or correlates were found.  On the video camera, several doctors were called to see the patient.  The patient can open and close her eyes, follow commands, and lift her arms and legs up.  Interestingly, the patient’s episodes spontaneously subsided if no one paid attention to her and she responded to a placebo of saline injection.  Throughout the EEG, there were no epileptiform discharges, but occasionally sharply contoured delta activity in the left central area is seen.  
HR:  116 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Diffusely slow background.
Occasional sharply contoured delta in the left central area. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The diffusely slow background, as well as occasional sharply contoured delta activity in the left central area may be suggestive of an underlying pathological process in this patient, which is commonly seen in patients with hypertension and end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis.  This finding can also be seen in patients with subdural hematoma.  During the tracing, the patient had prolonged episodes of arm or leg shaking without EEG change, as well as being responsive to commands.  This is suggestive of non-epileptic seizures.  These findings were communicated with the primary neurosurgery team.  If epilepsy is a clinical concern or clinically indicated, when the patient is more stable and cooperative, a repeat EEG in the lab with full activation including hyperventilation and photic stimulation, as well as capturing deeper stages of sleep may be helpful. 


