CLINICAL HISTORY:  22 year-old woman with recent tonic-clonic seizure in sleep with incontinence and tongue biting on 08/30/2007.
MEDICATIONS:  Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION:   Digital video EEG was performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed. This is an awake and sleep record.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  In wakefulness, the background EEG was markedly abnormal with bursts of rhythmic, notch, frontally predominant 2.5 to 4 Hz activity. This activity in the frontal region is associated with disorganized pattern, paucity of some of the normal developmental milestones anticipated for age, and a pattern with intermittent bursts of frontal slowing with delta organized background. The overall background is extremely high in amplitude and there is a right, frontal, almost hemispheric spike.
Hyperventilation is performed early in the record and produces an increase in the rhythmic frontal high amplitude delta. Throughout the record, there is an intermittent, paroxysmal pattern with high-amplitude delta in the frontal regions, at times the right greater than left frontal or hemispheric spike wave activity and a pattern with lower voltage beta activity.
Features of drowsiness are similar to the awake background but vertex waves were observed, some of which were maximum on the right.
Photic stimulation was performed as the patient reached stage 2 of sleep with vertex waves, K complexes and spindles. Brief driving and faster flash frequencies were observed.
HR: 96 bpm
IMPRESSION:  Markedly abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Absence of some of the normal developmental milestones in waveforms that would be anticipated for age.
	2. 	Bursts of high-amplitude  frontally predominant delta.
	3. 	Right frontal or hemispheric spike-and-slow-wave complex.
	4. 	Occasional sharp waves that are bifrontal or maximum in the left.
	5. 	Vertex waves maximum on the right.
CLINICAL CORRELATION:   This EEG suggests that there is more significant neurologic history than described above. Consideration  for a diffuse disturbance in cerebral function as well as secondarily generalized mechanism for seizures is appropriate. Correlation with imaging and appropriate history is essential.


