CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 20-year-old woman with recent onset epilepsy and seizures, which often can be eliminated by the patient with reassurance.  The patient had six seizures after she ran out of her Effexor.  Patient had a spell immediately upon cessation of the EEG characterized by staring and blinking. 
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Effexor, Ativan.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is awake.  There is a 9 to 10 Hz posterior dominant rhythm and a fair amount of eye artifact.   Hyperventilation is performed early on in the record and does elicit some left anteriotemporal sharp and slow wave complexes in association with hyperventilation. Following hyperventilation, the patient becomes somewhat drowsy and there is a small amount of slowing in the left mid-temporal region in this somewhat drowsy pattern.  There is also a high amplitude left anteriotemporal spike and slow wave complex.  As the patient becomes drowsy, there is a left anteriotemporal spike component, but this has a bifrontal field.  This activity can be reviewed with other montages where again it seems to be primarily left temporal with some spread into the eye movement channel.  It is prominent with almost a focal spike and wave component as the patient becomes drowsy and reaches stage II sleep.  Photic stimulation is performed while the patient is in stage II sleep and does not significantly activate the record.  The record ends at 13:45 and the seizure is not captured on the video or the EEG. 
HR:  96 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for this individual due to:
	Focal, high amplitude spike and slow wave activity identified from the left anteriotemporal region with almost a focal spike and wave component. 
	
CLINICAL CORRELATION: These features differ significantly from previous EEGs and suggests that additional recording and additional evaluation is warranted.  


