MEDICATIONS: Acyclovir, Ceftriaxone, Keppra 500 mg, Pentobarbital 65 mg, Phenobarbital, and previous Ativan.  
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the neonatal ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The child is intubated and this is a bedside recording.  There are no clinical notes regarding the patient’s clinical condition or a description of seizures, and none are entered into the document.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This continuous video EEG monitoring begins at 15:50.  The background EEG includes a mixed frequency pattern with a bit more arrhythmic delta in the posterior regions.  There is a high amplitude spike and slow wave complex from the left hemisphere, maximum in the occipital regions, but with a generous field of spread.  In addition, there are occasional spike and slow wave complexes picked up in the right hemisphere, again with a generous field of spread in the centrotemporal regions with variable maximum.  There are no push button events to indicate that the clinical team identified seizures.  
At 23:42, there are bursts of frontal delta.  The record from 1500 to 2300 hours shows increasing amounts of beta.  The spiking continues.  The child is seen on the video.  He is lying supine, flaccid, and motionless.  
Pentobarbital 65 mg is given at midnight, producing frontal delta, and increasing amounts of Pentobarbital are given at 1:00 AM, 2:00 AM, and 9:00 AM, as well as 3:00 AM.  The recording continues to demonstrate a delta pattern with generous amounts of beta.  After midnight, when the child receives the Pentobarb, the epileptiform activity decreases substantially. 
Looking through the Stellate detection files, there is an event at 01:54.  This demonstrates an increasingly discontinuous pattern with flattening and then there is a burst of fast activity, which is most intense at the midline and on the right.  There are no clinical correlates noted with this burst.  Around this time, occasional discrete spike and spike and slow waves or sharp waves are noted from the right central region and the left occipital region.  
The next Stellate detection is at 3:41 and demonstrates intermittent bursts of fast activity from the central regions, left or right, in a background almost in burst suppression but not quite.  There are intermittent bursts of cerebral activity, as well as occasional focal spikes from the right central or left occipital region.  No clinical signs or symptoms accompany this Stellate detection.
Intermittent recording from 1:00 AM through the next morning includes the Stellate detections at 3:41, 3:59, 4:02, 4:05, 4:22, and 4:35.  These patterns are similar to the entire pattern, which is one of almost a discontinuous-type pattern with a burst of approximately three seconds of fast activity, which is maximum in the central regions, sometimes a bit more on the left and sometimes on the right.  This is followed by a burst of mixed frequency, chaotic cerebral activity, sometimes with a sharp wave and sometimes followed by an attenuation.  The attenuation or suppression may be asymmetric, and may be depressed on the right or left side.  In addition, the bursts of fast activity typically precede the bursts of cerebral activity, but on occasion follow it.  The typical duration is approximately three seconds.  By 5:21 AM, the EEG demonstrates a more continuous pattern with frontal delta.  Again, no clinical signs are noted and the pattern at this time demonstrates less in the way of epileptiform activity.  It is difficult to correlate this with the infusion of the barbiturates, as the child is receiving Phenobarbital and Pentobarbital at the same time.  However, the child would have received 100 mg of Phenobarbital at 5:00 AM and there is a brief hiatus at that time with the Pentobarb.  At 7:48, the EEG becomes more discontinuous.  This would follow the administration of the Pentobarb, which at that point has increased from 0.65 ml/hr to 0.78 ml/hr.  No clinical signs or symptoms can be seen on the video, but there is a clear discontinuous pattern with a beta buzz from the left or right frontocentral regions.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring – February 7, 2006
MEDICATIONS: Acyclovir, Pentobarbital, and Phenobarbital.  The Pentobarbital drip starts at 0.78 ml/hr to 1.04 ml/hr.    
INTRODUCTION: The nurses’ observations indicate that at 8:00 AM, there was an episode with left arm and left eye twitching and the patient received 65 mg of Pentobarbital bolus.  It is not possible to see the eye twitching or the examination of the patient during the seizure on the video. The next recorded seizure is at 2:00 PM on the 7th.  
EVENT TIME 13:54: The background EEG is markedly suppressed.  It is nearly featureless.  The child’s father is at the bedside.  When there is cerebral activity, it is sharply contoured and the occasional right central sharp wave is seen in the background.  There is the intermittent three-second burst of beta identified from the right hemisphere, again lasting approximately three seconds.  At this point in time, the same burst of fast activity is seen, but it slowed to approximately alpha frequency at 10 Hz.  It is not possible to see if there is a clinical correlate with this.  Additional bursts are seen at 13:58 with two bursts in close approximation.  Extended video is reviewed at 2:00 AM.  There is a parent at the bedside who does not appear to observe any change in the child’s behavior, and nothing is noted on the video. 
In the hours that follow, there are intermittent bursts lasting approximately a few seconds in duration of what is now alpha frequency activity most intense in the right hemisphere.  There are intermittent spike and slow wave complexes from the left occipital region and in the right hemisphere, particularly the centrotemporal region with a generous field of spread.  The bursts of beta disrupt the overall suppressed pattern.  
The nurses indicate that the Pentobarb dose varies between 1.04 ml/hr at 9:30 AM to 0.39 ml/hr at 4:00 PM.  In this section of the record, there doesn’t seem to be a substantial change in terms of the background, which demonstrates an intermittently discontinuous pattern and the three-second periods of beta frequency activity.  
The Pentobarbital continues at a rate of 0.78 ml/hr (3 mg/kg/hr).  At the close of the record, the child does appear to be comatose, but the bursts of fast activity are seen in this context. 
   
HR:  150 to 180 BPM.
Long-Term EEG Monitoring – February 8, 2006 to February 9, 2006
INTRODUCTION: This section of the record runs from 8:42 to 13:25.  Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the neonatal ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG.  The child is currently in a Pentobarb coma with high dose Phenobarbital.  He is intubated and comatose.  Review of the video does not identify a clinical correlate. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG is at times discontinuous and at other times very low voltage.  In this low voltage, suppressed background, there are intermittent spike and slow wave complexes identified from either hemisphere including the left occipital or right centrotemporal.  
There are intermittent bursts of fast activity.  These are identical to the previously described bursts of beta frequency activity, but are now primarily alpha frequency activity, lasting typically three seconds in duration.  These appear with three different patterns.  The first pattern is that seen in the previous epochs with a burst of fast activity either from both hemispheres or from one hemisphere or the other followed by arrhythmic delta.  In addition, there are occasional bursts of activity, which can be seen in one hemisphere with a transition to the other hemisphere, and the bursts of delta may precede or follow the burst of fast activity.  There are also some bursts with more of a bilateral representation.  They are followed by the chaotic delta and in some occasions there is some spiking picked up in the left hemisphere before the event is maximum on the left.  With the use of a sensitivity of 3 uV per minute, the EEG does appear to be less continuous with rhythmic slowing and frequent epileptiform discharges.  There is some variability in the degree of suppression and the frequency of the bursts of fact activity, but there is no sustained period longer than several minutes without these likely epileptiform discharges. 
Long-Term EEG Monitoring – February 8, 2006 to February 9, 2006 Continued
INTRODUCTION: During this section of the record, the observation was that the child was comatose.  There are no reports of twitching in this portion of the record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The EEG starts at 1400 hours.  In place of the previously described bursts of beta and alpha frequency activity, there are bursts of rhythmic activity, which are monomorphic, in the range of 7 to 10 Hz, lasting three and at times 10 seconds.  These gradually decrease and are less apparent by 1:00 AM.  In the 1:00 AM record that follows, there are frequent high amplitude spike and slow wave complexes in a very irritative brain, but there are no discernable clinical seizures and there are no additional bursts of that rhythmic monomorphic activity that was initially beta then slowing to alpha.  
This section of the record concludes at 10:30 AM on the morning of the 9th.  The pattern at the conclusion includes bursts of high amplitude, spike and slow wave activity from the right hemisphere particularly the centrotemporal region and the left occipital.  It is intermittently discontinuous with an irritative-looking pattern, but there are no sustained bursts of that rhythmic activity seen previously.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, February 9, 2006 to February 10, 2006
MEDICATIONS: Ceftriaxone, Phenytoin, and Midazalam.  Starting at 1:00 PM Phenobarbital.
INTRODUCTION: This continuous video EEG monitoring begins at 11:00 AM and continues to the morning of the 10th.  During this section, the patient received Phenytoin in the morning and was started on a Versed drip at .5 mg/kg/hr. 
One clinical event characterized by eye flutter was reported at 2200 hours, but could not be identified subsequently. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In the early portions of the record, the background EEG demonstrates a pattern, which is intermittently suppressed with occasional sharp waves from the left occipital and right centrotemporal regions.  There is some variability in the record with some portions of the record more suppressed than others.  There are also bursts of sharply contoured activity.  
The Versed is started at 2:00 PM.  This is associated with an attenuation of the background.  There is a decrease in the sharp waves noted in the background and no clinical seizures were recorded.  At the close of the record, the EEG is low voltage, not entirely discontinuous, with a marked decrease in the fast activity. 
During this section of the record, none of the patient’s bursts of fast activity were identified. 
HR: 122 BPM. 
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, February 10, 2006 to February 11, 2006
MEDICATIONS: Phenytoin, Midazalam with doses ranging from 0.5 to 0.2, Phenobarbital, and others.
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The medication printout does not tag all of the medication changes, but at 13:18, the Versed was decreased to 0.3 mg/kg/hr.  The patient remains intubated and poorly responsive.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In the initial background, there is a mixed frequency pattern.  The pattern includes arrhythmic slow delta and smaller amounts of theta.  In the initial portions of the record, there is some subtle variability with stimuli.  There is also a bit of asymmetry with a bit more faster frequency activity on the right.  
Over the course of time, the Versed dose is reduced to 2 mg/hr at 16:28:53.  It is reduced again at 18:27:29.  It isn’t until after midnight on the morning of the 11th that the spiking really increases and there is an increase in epileptiform activity in the left occipital region.  
By the close of the recording on the morning of the 11th, the EEG is continuous. There is a left occipital spike seen and some EKG artifact.  The overall background is rich in delta with some alpha and theta frequency activity and some fast activity. 
A clinical seizure was reported at 10:00 AM, which is not included in this piece of the recording, which ended at 9:23.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, February 11, 2006 to February 12, 2006
INTRODUCTION: In this portion of the record, the child is heavily sedated.  The record starts on the morning of the 11th.  At that time, the Versed drip had been increased to .2 because of clinical events.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the EEG is remarkable for frequent left occipital spiking.  It is unique in that there is more fast activity from the right posterior region, and this is the first time that a right posterior temporal sharp wave has been identified.  The record is variable with portions of the record demonstrating more delta than others.  This section is remarkable for few comments, although there were later reports that this child had clinical events during this section of the record.  As the recording continues at 14:39, there is more fast activity and a bit more asymmetry with a bit less delta from the right.  On the morning of the 11th, there is an event described by the nurse as a seizure.  The tech makes a comment at 10:10 AM.  The video is reviewed, which shows the nurse at the bedside.  The video failed to identify any EEG changes that would be referable to this and the child does not seem to be moving.  The child’s face is not well defined, but there isn’t any arm movement. Right hand circular movements at 11:00 AM on the 11th were not visualized by the video and there was no EEG correlate.  
By 11:00 PM on the 11th, the background is more symmetric, richer in faster frequency activity.  Right arm movement of the child is noted at midnight, although there is an individual at the bedside.  The child is being suctioned, which might account for the movement.  The nurses had observed that the behaviors that they were calling seizures were stimulus sensitive.  The EEG record on the morning of the 12th demonstrates a pattern rich in faster frequency activity, as well as theta.  There are frequent spike and slow wave complexes, left occipital, right posterior temporal, and fewer in the right central region.  There are no definite bursts of alpha and beta frequency activity.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, February 12, 2006 to February 13, 2006
MEDICATIONS: Ceftriaxone, Phenytoin, Fentanyl, Midazalam, and Phenobarbital.  Vecuronium is given at 10:19:46.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The EEG in this portion of the record is continuous, rich in theta and delta frequency activity with fast activity.  In this section of the record, there is epileptiform activity including right occipital or right posterior temporal, as well as left, but there are few of the bursts of fast activity.  Although there were reports that the child had seizures on this day, they are not marked in the EEG and in that the behaviors were not associated with a change in the EEG, it is not possible to identify them, even with the video camera.  As the recording continues, it is not clear when the dose of Versed was increased.  There is some twitching seen at 20:38, and the nurses are working at the bedside at 20:41.  By 22:54, the bursts of fast activity have returned, lasting now approximately two seconds, not so clearly associated or followed with delta.  These are relatively synchronous in both hemispheres are this time.  There are no clinical notes regarding whether or not these were considered significant, but by midnight, it appears that the Versed drip may have been increased as the background is slower than previously identified and is sometimes discontinuous.  By 2:00 AM, the EEG is increasingly continuous, however, there are also focal spikes and the bursts of the fact activity are seen in what is now a somewhat continuous record.  This would also be considered a new pattern for this child.  
At 10:38 infusion with Dilantin is given to the patient. Right hand movements are noted by the nurse at 18:36:27.  This was somewhat difficult to discern on the video, but no EEG correlate. Right hand and arm movements were noted on the 12th at 8:27 and 9:38, with more pronounced motor activity and a more sustained seizure.  Again, this was without clear correlate, however, in this case, it is quite possible that there was an underlying ictal discharge not otherwise seen.  Ditto 9:45.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, February 13, 2006 to February 14, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The EEG on the morning of the 13th, continues to show the discontinuous pattern with fast activity.  Also, there is a fine tremor of the right hand.  The EEG revealed no clear EEG correlate, but muscle artifact, which is sustained and may very well have an underlying ictal pattern not well visualized by scalp EEG.  Ditto 7:43:52 and 8:21. 
There is a clinical seizure that occurs at 12:20:05 after the nurse moves the patient.  This can be reviewed on the video.  The review begins at 2:18.  At that time, the EEG shows a somewhat discontinuous pattern with beta bursts and occipital spiking.  The nurse enters at 12:20:00.  She starts by touching the child on the left at 12:20:10.  As she is touching the patient at 12:20:11, the EEG changes from what is a higher amplitude pattern with mixed delta and theta and the intermittent bursts of beta.  There is an attenuation in frequency and it looks like there is fast activity out of the right hemisphere.  Immediately as she starts touching him, the right arm starts moving in an almost circular fashion – almost a semi-purposeful fashion.  The nurse notes that the child is turning to the right.  There is some frontal delta and some spiking in the occipital regions bilaterally.  The EEG seems to change for the third time in this seizure at 20:20:41 with more muscle artifact.  The circular movements are noted with the right hand and there is another movement in the left hand.  The right arm is down and the left hand is more flexed and extended, not entirely like a fenster posturing but with that suggestion.  During this time, the EEG doesn’t have a clear ictal pattern.  There may be some underlying spiking in the left posterior temporal region.  
SEIZURE TIME 12:20: On Monday, February 13th, the motor activity continues as long as the child has tactile stimulation.  At 12:31, there is what may be artifact, but may also be part of this child’s unusual epileptiform appearance out of the right hemisphere with a combination of fast activity and muscle artifact.  
By 16:57, the EEG has returned to its usual pattern with bursts of beta activity and the occipital spike with less in the way of the right occipital spike or the other epileptiform features.  There are other portions of the record where muscle artifact is seen including 19:57.  This is a long event and seems to start with handling of the patient.  It begins with circular movements of the right hand, muscle artifact on the right, and right eye deviation.  The occipital spiking is not seen at that time.  There is somewhat of an increase in faster frequency activity in the overall background, but there is no clear ictal pattern.  At 19:59:19, the nurses are handling the patient during the seizure and the arm continues to move.  
Dilantin infusion.
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, February 14, 2006 to February 15, 2006
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside.  In this section of the record, no clinical seizures are noted.  The patient is on a Versed drip of 6. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the record begins, the background is continuous with a mixed frequency pattern. At 12:51:21, epileptiform activity is apparent in a background that is slower than the initial morning recording.  In addition, as the recording continues over the course of the 14th, there are occasional bursts of fast activity occurring with bursts now under three seconds, more typically on the order of two seconds, maximum at the midline with some occasional predisposition to the right or the left side is seen.  These no longer seem to be associated with the same bursts of delta that were previously identified.  This section of the record is recorded in two pieces.  The first piece concludes at 16:21, and at that time, left, quick bursts of fast activity are seen, but the left occipital spiking is noted.  Again, no clinical correlates are noted.  
The additional section of the recording continues to show a child who is unresponsive.  The late afternoon and overnight recording again shows relatively frequent left occipital spike and wave complexes, as well as the occasional bursts of fast activity.  At times, the record is somewhat discontinuous and in other portions of the record, the record is richer in mixed beta and delta, but at some points when it is relatively rich in this activity, there is both frequent left occipital spiking and the bursts of beta. 
HR:  120 BPM. 
	IMPRESSION: This prolonged video EEG monitoring is remarkable for:
An unusual form of status epilepticus with what appeared to be clinically, sometimes on the video and sometimes by eye witnessed accounts, an unusual seizure which at times was stimulus sensitive, at times marked, and at other times more subtle with circular movements of the right hand or clonic movements of the right side of the body.  It was almost a fenster posture of the left hand and/or elevation of the left leg.  These activities were sometimes associated with eye flutter.
After the administration of benzodiazepines or barbiturates, bursts of fast activity were seen, which seemed to be ictal in nature, preceded or followed by bursts of delta.
Epileptiform foci left occipital, right central, and as the recording continued, right posterior temporal.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG is supportive of a very marked underlying epileptiform disorder.  The behaviors without clear clinical correlates do appear to be seizures, particularly as some subtle behaviors seem to have an underlying change in the EEG.  Of note, this activity responded early on to Versed or to high dose barbiturates, but then seemed to breakthrough. 