MEDICATIONS: Lacosamide, dilantin, Ativan, Klonopin 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. As this section of the records begins, the patient reports "he is feeling great" as if he is not having more seizures. Then subsequently he has 2 events that he describes as auras, which are seizures with impairment of awareness. He does have occasional myoclonic jerks. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the 24-hour period includes more of the rhythmic repetitive slowing than noted at other times. Isolated high amplitude right hemispheric spike and wave activity is observed. Push button times include 5:20 which includes actually a seizure. Although the patient describes this as an aura, it is really a focal motor seizure with loss of axial tone and stiffening of the right leg. The patient seems to know that it is coming at 10:20:40 before he pushes the button and he seems to be a little bit confused. Unfortunately, he is moving about and there is muscle and movement artifact until he has loss of axial tone and stiffening on the right at 10:20:56. Characteristic tonic clonic activity obscures the EEG and although he is most jerking on the right, it seems to obscure the entire EEG. By 10:23:00 it seems to be over. The patient is back in bed and responsive to the nurses, helping them with the blood 
pressure cuff by 10:24. Seizure time 13:30. The patient is sitting in a chair. He puts his left hand to his nose at 13:29, but does not seem to be uncomfortable. For this seizure, the dad seems to know what is going on and pushes the button at 13:30, even before there is much that seems to be going on with the patient. The patient seems to be fine at 13:30:05, moving about. Additional sharp waves are noted at 13:34. 
This EEG monitor ends at 15:35 and at that time there is prominent sharp waves and rhythmic slowing. 
IMPRESSION: This EEG monitoring was remarkable for: 
1. High amplitude sharp waves and spikes in the left hemisphere, particularly parietal occipital region. 
2. Some things which the patient describes as "auras" which are in the borderline between simple and complex partial seizures, which are associated with more rhythmic mixed theta delta. 
3. A third seizure type, which seemed to be a focal motor seizure. 
4. That same rhythmic discharge which was not always associated with change in awareness. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: These findings are similar to previous EEG monitoring and support a localization related mechanism for epilepsy. 