CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 47-year-old gentleman …
MEDICATIONS: Ativan, Vecuronium, Lidocaine, and others. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient had previously been experiencing decerbrate posturing and inferior eye deviation. The patient is comatose and intubated during the exam. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG is extremely low voltage and relatively featureless.  In this patient who has received a neuromuscular blocking agent and appears to be comatose without spontaneous movements, the eye monitor actually picks up an eye monitor.  The background EEG is extremely low voltage with small amounts of beta in the frontocentral region.  There is intermittent asymmetry and at some points the beta activity is more prominent on the right in comparison to the left.  As the recording continues, the neuromuscular blockage wears off and the patient is observed to cough with suction.  This is associated with an increase in fast activity on the EEG, as well as some theta.  Following this, there is occasional frontally predominant delta.  By the close of the record, the EEG is richer in faster frequency activity, but again there is a subtle asymmetry with a little bit more alpha and beta frequency activity identified on the right compared to the left.  The background is more continuous by the close of the record with more of a mixed frequency background.  
HR:  104 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Severe, low voltage record with generalized background slowing and initially a nearly discontinuous pattern.
Subtle asymmetry with intermittent portions of the record demonstrating more fast activity on the right compared to the left. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: There are dynamic features in this record and this may reflect in part the medications that this patient received for intubation. Alternatively, there may be a physiologic process that is improving with time following the intubation.  No seizures and no epileptiform features were seen.  This tracing overall supports a severe disorder of cerebral function. 


