MEDICATIONS: Lipitor, Topamax, Pantoprazole, Depakote, Risperdal, Gemfibrozi 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-
20 system of eletrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. No seizures are identified by 
the patient. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, background EEG is well 
organized with 9 Hz posterior dominate rhythm. During this section of the record, 
captures wakefulness through stage 2 sleep. There are no definite sharp waves or 
spikes. There is wakefulness through stage 2 sleep. On a handful of occasions, there 
is the suggestion of just a subtle asymmetry in the left frontocentral region. In addition, 
there is a single drowsy burst with higher amplitude theta in the right frontal region. 
HR: 60 to 90 bpm 
02/14/2009 tO 02/15/2009 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG is performed at bedside using standard 10-
20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. Continuous seizure and spike 
detection software is employed. No seizures are reported by the computer, patient, or 
clinical team. During this section of the record the patient's Depakote was discontinued. 
She continues to have tremors. Additional electrodes are added in an attempt to 
localize epileptiform activity. 
DESCRIPTION OF RECORD: This section of the record capture wakefulness 
through stage 2 sleep and even the very beginning of some slow-wave sleep. There 
are no epileptiform features observed. There is the subtlest of asymmetry with a little bit 
of asymmetry in the left central region. 
02/15/2008 to 02/16/2009 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 
10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG and continuous seizure and 
spike detection software. 
During this section, the patient reports no clinical events. Her Depakote is stopped and 
her tremulousness improves slightly. She is sleep deprived during this section of the 
record. 
DESCRIPTION OF RECORD: The background EKG demonstrated a well defined 
alpha rhythm. There is a subtle asymmetry in the central regions in the terms of theta. 
By 5 a.m. right central high amplitude spike and wave activity can be identified. This 
can be differentiated from the vertex activity. This is seen in sleep and the close of this 
section on the morning of the 16th, demonstrates a well-defined awake pattern without 
the epileptiform activity. An additional, more subtle wave forms can be seen in the 2:55 
a.m. time sample. 
02/16/2009 to 02/17/2009 
Continuous digital video EEG was performed at bedside using 
standard 10-20 system of eletrode with 1 channel of EKG. The patient has been taken 
off Depakote. She has sleep depravation in the frequent exercise program. She 
reports no clinical seizures and none are picked up by the seizure and spike detector. 
The first EPOCH is 02/16/2009 to 02/17/2009. 
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND In wakefulness background EEG is well 
organized. There is some very subtle, asymmetries in the central regions identified in 
wakefulness. 
Notable in this section of the record are for the first ever clearly defined vertex sharp 
waves identified in wakefulness at CZ/C4. In addition, there are a handful of high 
amplitude awake spikes for her at CZ/C4 which is the right central region. There are a 
handful of discharges that seem smaller and more discrete. 
The sleep recording demonstrates more clearly defined and more frequent high 
amplitude spike and wave activity or sharpened slow wave activity with an after going 
slow wave which lasts nearly a second. Most of this activity is CZ/C4 which the right 
central region. Rare generalized paroxysmal fast activity is observed. In addition, there 
is some dyshormia with some GPFA activity superimposed upon a vertex wave. In 
addition, isolated GPFA is observed. In the sleep record, the epileptiform activity is 
quite frequent. It is most prominent around 1 a.m. Smaller, discrete spike activity can 
be found in other sections of the sleep record typically after 4 a.m. 
HR: 66 bpm 
02/17/2008 to 02/18/2008 
During this section of the record no seizures were identified by the patient or the 
seizure and spike detector. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a well formed 
background. In sleep, central spikes and sharp waves are observed primarily seen at 
C4/C4 prime greater than C3 prime. In addition, there are brief bursts of generalized 
paroxysmal fast activity. The majority of the activity occurs around 1 a.m. Low voltage 
spikes including C3 spikes can been seen in the early morning hours. 
HR: 66 bpm 
IMPRESSION: 
1. Abnormal continuous video EEG monitoring due to #1. Initially very subtle focal 
asymmetries in the central region. 
2. Central spike and slow wave activity seen primarily on the right ranging from high 
amplitude spike and wave activity to discrete spikes. 
3. Occasional independent spike activity on the left. 
4. Generalized paroxysmal fast activity. 
5. Vertex wave identified in wakefulness on 02/16/2007 to 02/ 17/2008. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG is most supportive of a localization related 
mechanism for epilepsy. Additional imaging may be helpful in search for this 
individual's refr..ctory epilepsy . 