	CLINICAL HISTORY: 	43 year old woman with post traumatic epilepsy, seizures every
3-6 months, particularly in clusters.  She reports auras of emotional and speech difficulties, followed by generalized tonic clonic activity and confusion. She has past history of breast cancer, head trauma, and thrombosis in the right arm.
MEDICATIONS:  Dilantin, Coumadin, Herceptin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed in lab using standard 1 0-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. Photic stimulation was performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  In wakefulness, there is a posterior dominant rhythm reaching 10 Hz and 75 microvolts. There is excess beta and theta in the resting record and a small degree of disorganization.  In wakefulness th.ere are bursts of somewhat irregular, high amplitude, bilateral delta.  This activity seems to be a bit more remarkable on the left compared to the right, but it  clearly has bilateral representation and generous involvement in the posterior regions. The bursts seems to be maximum at  T1.  It is followed by some arrhythmic delta in the temporal regions, which is a bit more prominent on the right compared to the left.  Following these bursts the patient becomes a bit drowsy with some sharply contoured slowing at T2-T4. A T4 sharp wave is observed in one of these  bursts.  The bursts of bilateral slowing are more prominent
	in the later portion of the record as the patient becomes comfortable. In addition, typical bursts are under 3 seconds in duration.  Within these bilateral bursts on different occasions there appears to be sharp waves at F3 or C3.	Photic stimulation elicits: Bilateral driving.
	HR:	100 bpm
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Mild background slowing and disorganization.
	2. 	Prominent paroxysmal bursts of a more generalized slowing, posterior more than anterior, with sharp waves observed within, identified in the frontal central regions of either hemisphere.
	3.	Right temporal rhythmic delta and right temporal sharp wave.
CLINICAL CORRELATION:  These findings are important to correlate with imaging. There is no specific report of a breech rhythm, but this is an important consideration in this context.


