CLlNICAL HISTORY:  This is a 41-year-old male with head trauma in 2004, now with post­ traumatic   epilepsy,   recurrent   status   epilepticus,   currently   seizure free.   Patient  has   a  right craniotomy.
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video BEG is performed in the lab using standard  10-20 system  of electrode  placement  with one channel  of EKG. Photic stimulation  was perfom1ed.   This is an awake and drowsy record.
DESCRIPTION OF  THE  RECORD: In wakefulness, there is an 8.5 Hz posterior  dominant rhythm with a small amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity. In maximal wakefulness, there is some subtle abnormalities identified primarily from the right hemisphere with occasional focal  slowing  from  the  right  centrotemporal   region  and  sharp  waves  or  sharply  contoured slowing,  which may be maximum in the right anterior temporal or centrotemporal  regions with a generous  field  of spread.    Both hyperventilation  and drowsiness  accentuate  the focal  features from  the right  including  some rhythmic  slowing  from the right  centrotemporal  region, and an increase  in  the  amplitude  in  HV,  which  is  more prominent  and  better  developed  in  the  left compared to the right.   As the patient drifts off to sleep, the faster frequency  activity drops out earlier on the right before the left. On one occasion, there is a burst of rhythmic left frontal delta identified. Photic stimulation elicits brief bilateral driving.
HR.: 72BPM.
IMPRESSION:  Abnormal EEG due to:
1.  Focal slowing from the right hemisphere.
2.   Sharp  waves  or  sharply  contoured  delta  identified from  the  right  with  variable  maxima, sometimes poorly fom1ed but always maximum on the right.
3.   A single burst of left frontal delta.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a structural abnormality  on the right with focal epileptifonn activity in the region of his head injury.  The burst of delta from the left is a non-specific finding.
 


