CLINICAL HISTORY:  60 year old male status post a right left MCA stroke and right subdural hematoma with recurrent status epilepticus, focal motor and generalized tonic­ clonic seizures earlier today.
MEDICATIONS: Keppra,  Dilantin, Trileptal, ASA, Lisinopril, Vit-B, Zocor
INTRODUCTION:  Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel  EKG. Patient is somnolent but moving about and answering questions.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The background EEG demonstrates a slow pattern bilaterally with theta-delta pattern.  In addition, superimposed upon this is a rhythmic delta from the right posterior quadrant and in this region there is also a sharp wave in the right posterotemporal region.
The patient has a seizure while working with the tech. The seizure seems to begin while the tech is working with the patient and the first ictal changes are at 15:48. The ictal changes include an increase in theta frequency activity.
By 01:49:00 very clear ictal changes are noted with the patient looking, instead of at the right, he is looking at the left and blinking. He remains responsive to the technologist at
0:48:55 as this activity builds up.  He seems to be confused, but he does follow commands and closes his eyes at 0:49:14. The tech is working with the patient so she does not observe the rhythmic repetitive theta activity in the right temporal region which spreads to the parietal and occipital region as well. He stops speaking, though.  By
15:50 the physician comes to examine the patient who is clearly confused and unable to follow commands, with roving eye movements.   He does provide a few words at
15:50:33. This electrographic seizure has a clear end at 15:51:11 and likely onset gradual evolution of faster frequencies at 15:48 for a total seizure duration of approximately 3 minutes.
Afterwards, the EEG returns to its previous, slower periodic sharp wave from the right hemisphere which gradually build up at 15:54:03.   Facial twitching is noted.
The second seizure is a grand mal seizure but starts with facial twitching and actually has a complex partial component where the patient actually seems to be somewhat
responsive and uncomfortable with focal and then asynchronous twitching. The second seizure is significantly longer in duration.  The tonic-clonic section of it is still relatively prolonged and is at least4  seconds in duration.
After the second seizure which has the tonic-clonic components, the overall EEG is quite slow but the periodic complexes in the right posterior quadrant persist.
	HR:	150  bpm
IMPRESSION: Normal bedside EEG due to:
	1. 	Tonic-clonic seizure.
	2. 	Complex partial seizure.
	3 .	Continuous right posterior quadrant periodic complexes.
	JOSE PH FASHINA	PAGE2


