MEDICATIONS: Carbamazepine.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the lab using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is awake.  The background EEG is markedly abnormal.  There is rhythmic 5 to 7 Hz activity picked up from the left occipital and posterior temporal regions.  Mixed in with this sharply contoured activity, there is spike and slow wave activity seen at O1, T5, and also C3.  The epileptiform activity demonstrates variable fields and phase reversals; that from the central region has a poly spike and slow wave component.  The epileptiform activity may reach amplitudes greater than 200 uV.  The activity from the right hemisphere is not as irritative in appearance and includes primarily more rhythmic lower voltage theta frequency activity.  Sleep is characterized by an increase in beta activity.  As the child becomes sleepy, there is a very high amplitude generalized spike and slow wave complex, maximum from the left hemisphere, but with volume conduction to the contralateral hemisphere.  These high amplitude left hemispheric bursts exceed 300 uV.  There are occasional sharp waves identified from the right hemisphere, as well as some that are picked up in the bifrontal regions. 
Photic stimulation does not alter the record, and it does not appear to accentuate the epileptiform activity.  
HR:  140 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
High amplitude, complex epileptiform activity from the left hemisphere with variable maximum including left hemispheric, O1, C3, and left frontal.  
Occasional sharp waves from the right. 
Generalized background slowing with superimposed focal slowing from the left posterior quadrant. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This tracing supports a diffuse disturbance of cerebral function affecting both hemispheres, but involving the left more significantly than the right.  The majority of epileptiform activity was identified on the left.  No seizures were recorded.  No previous EEGs were available for comparison. 