MEDICATIONS: Tegretol, Fentanyl, others. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside. using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is described as awake and squirming.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a continuous pattern with mixed frequency activity.  There is more rhythmic 3 and 4 Hz activity identified from the left hemisphere reaching amplitudes of 75 uV.  The activity is a little lower amplitude and slower on the right.  The child arouses spontaneously, unfortunately, producing muscle and motion artifact.  When the child arouses there is an increase in higher amplitude delta.  As the child becomes drowsy, there is an increase in slower delta activity bilaterally.  At times, the drowsy record is almost a featureless, slow pattern.  
The child is stimulated on two occasions.  On the first occasion, the nurse comes to the bedside and hooks up an inhaler.  The EEG is remarkable for primarily muscle artifact. The was described by the techs as behaviorally awake, but lacked both eye movements that one would anticipate in wakefulness and, even if the child had been slightly drowsy, there was no real evidence of alerting.  In the second episode, when the child was stimulated, the child seemed to have been drowsy with a higher amplitude, relatively symmetric pattern.  The stimulation produced attenuation of the background.  There wasn’t a clear awake pattern as one might anticipate in a child of this age, although the child did seem to wake up on the video.  There were also some asymmetries and another burst of attenuation about 15 seconds after the stimulation.  
HR:  150 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for a child of this age at this point, now nine days post anoxic injury due to:
	Absence of normal awake milestones and an electrode decremental response to stimuli, which remains continuous and reactive with shifting asymmetries. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded, and there were no epileptiform discharges.  These findings may be placed in the appropriate clinical context in terms of how sick this child is and whether or not this child has received recent sedative hypnotics or other medications.    