INTERVAL HISTORY: Patient extubated 11/20/06, but desaturated this morning requiring re-intubation and was found to have new brain stem stroke.  
MEDICATIONS: Clindamycin and Heparin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient is again intubated and unresponsive.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a dynamic pattern.  There is some rhythmic theta activity, but there is prominent arrhythmic delta activity with bursts seen from either hemisphere, more so on the left.  There is a focus of arrhythmic delta activity in the right posteriotemporal region, and there is also some underlying sharp theta activity disrupted by the arrhythmic delta.  In this sharply contoured background, there appears to be underlying epileptiform activity in the left anteriotemporal and right posteriotemporal regions.   Stimulation of the patient seems to produce an increase in faster frequency activity in the right hemisphere.  There are apparent sleep states discernable towards the close of the record with an increase in faster frequency activity in the central regions more so on the right than the left as the patient drifts off to sleep.  There seems to be a fluctuation in the patient’s level of awareness with some portions of the record demonstrating more faster frequency activity, although clinically there is no evidence of a change in terms of wakefulness or sleep.
HR:  __ BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	Prominent arrhythmic delta activity seen from either hemisphere including left anteriotemporal and right posteriotemporal.
	Sharp waves identified from the left anteriotemporal and right posteriotemporal region.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG supports a significant disturbance of cerebral function.  In addition, there is a disturbance of apparent level of arousability.  Consideration for a bihemispheric process, as well as a process not restricted solely to the brain stem is appropriate.  No seizures were recorded.  