	MEDICATIONS: 	Keppra, Klonopin, Thyroid, Ondansetron, Erythromycin, Lactulose, and Levothyroxine
	INTRODUCTION: 	Digital video EEG was performed in the laboratory using the standard 10/20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of electrocardiogram.  Photic stimulation was performed.
	DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: 	In wakefulness the background EEG is well­ organized with 9 Herz alpha rhythm and a small amount of low voltage central beta. In wakefulness, left anterior temporal spike and slow wave complexes are observed. These occur in wakefulness and may be subtle or march out of the background with little disruption some of which demonstrate a little disruption of the background and others which clearly are associated with anterior temporal disruption of faster frequency activity and slowing. Photic stimulation elicits
brief bilateral driving. HR: 78 bpm
	IMPRESSION: 	Abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Left anterior temporal spike and slow wave activity identified in wakefulness.
	CLINICAL CORRELATION: 	This EEG supports a localization  related mechanism  for epilepsy. Of note, these findings were not seen in the initial studies.
Long-Term Monitoring June 18, 2007
	INTRODUCTION: 	Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. No clinical seizures were recorded.
	DESCRIPTION OF RECORD: 	In wakefulness, the background EEG includes a
9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm. Occasional left temporal sharp waves are observed in wakefulness. They were also observed in sleep. There were not particularly  more prominent in sleep. Posts are observed in
	sleep as well.	On one occasion, at 3:44 a.m. as the patient gets off to bed, there is a bit of artifact in the right frontal region.
HR: 120 bpm
IMPRESSION/CLINICAL CORRELATION: Abnormal EEG due to:
	1.		Left anterior temporal sharp and slow wave complexes observed in wakefulness and sleep. No seizures were recorded. The patient did not press the button for anxiety or tremulousness, though she does have a tremor.
	2.		Patient has somewhat disrupted sleep which may be due to predominant of sleeping in a noisy environment, pain, or anxiety.
	3.	Additional testing or telemetry may be valuable given the tachycardia observed when she gets up in the middle of the night.
Long-Term Monitoring June 19, 2007
	INTRODUCTION: 	Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed at the bedside in the unit using standard 10/20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient reportedly feels anxious during this section of the record, but does not experience any seizures. No push buttons are provided.
	DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: 	In wakefulness occasional left temporal spike and slow wave complexes are observed. In the overnight sleep recording, stage 2 sleep is characterized by vertex with K complexes and spindles. In contrast to the previous the patient seems to have slept a little bit better, but awakens frequently. The discrete left temporal sharp waves in this section of the recording are higher amplitude in sleep.
HR: 100 to 110 bpm.
	IMPRESSION: 	This is the overall impression for all 3 records which includes job number 411577, 411584. Abnormal 48 hour continuous video EEG monitor due to left temporal sharp waves with subtle focal slowing identified in wakefulness and sleep.
	CLINICAL CORRELATION: 	No seizures were recorded during this portion of the record, although the patient did experience some episodes in which she felt panicky. She was able to differentiate this from her seizures.
Treatment of both the panic and the epilepsy may be important in this unfortunate individual with cancer, abdominal pain and decreased appetite.