MEDICATIONS: Morphine, Ativan, Bromocriptine. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing opens, the patient is intubated.  There is no spontaneous movement of the patient identified.  Stimulation of the patient is difficult to determine both in terms of the clinical stimulation and the response.  She is intubated with her right hand on her chest and in the initial hours of the record, there are rare spontaneous movements. 
The initial pattern is one of rhythmic 4 to 5 Hz theta activity with superimposed delta.  In the initial portions of the record, there is a bit more rhythmic theta in the left posterior region.  By 2000 hours, this is a bit more prominent on the right.  There are portions of the record with an improvement in the theta over the night.  The EEG at 4:00 AM, shows a pattern that is slower and more featureless despite some evidence of eye movement.  At 7:00 AM, again the record is similar with less in the way of muscle and more suppressed background compared to 4:00 AM.  The record is beginning to demonstrate intermittent discontinuity and may be flatter on the right compared to the left.  Stimulation of the patient is not performed at this time and testing does not occur.  There is no clinical information regarding potential administration of medications, which could contribute to this pattern.  At 9:17 AM, the EEG demonstrates some improvement.  The record is intermittent discontinuous, but there are bursts of fast activity and there are rare frontal triphasic waves.  
HR:  80 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to:
Abnormal background for a patient in sleep and/or coma. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were seen.  The attenuation on the right may be in part due to the report of scalp edema in the right occipital region.  The transient changes including the deterioration seen in the background could be due to administration of sedating medications in the ICU and additional clinical correlation is recommended.  If medications were not administered that could produce this pattern, the possibility of either an unusual sleep/awake state or a deterioration in cerebral function would be appropriate. 