MEDICATIONS: Trileptal.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The patient reports an occasional feeling of tingling radiating down his right arm, but no seizures. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: No focal or epileptiform features were identified in this portion of the record. This 24-hour section is remarkable for a dramatic decrease in the amount of background theta.  The alpha rhythm is 9 Hz, and there is little in the way of background slowing.  The record is remarkable for fragmented sleep, and much of the overnight recording demonstrates an awake patient or lighter stages of sleep including stage I and II sleep with spontaneous arousals from sleep.  MU activity is seen from the central regions, with slightly higher amplitude on the left compatible with a previous craniotomy.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring – April 28, 2006 to April 29, 2006
INTRODUCTION: No events are reported by the patient or the nurses during this section of the record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This section of the EEG is remarkable for a well-formed symmetric, reactive background with a significant amount of eye artifact.  As the recording continues, there are problems with loss of integrity of the electrodes.  In addition, there is some other form of intermittent rhythmic artifact, not easily explainable.  The patient does not have antithrombic pumps on.   
HR:  96 BPM.
Long-Term EEG Monitoring – April 29, 2006 to April 30, 2006
INTRODUCTION: No seizures are reported in this portion of the record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG remains well organized.  This section of the record finally captures abundant stage II sleep with vertex waves, K complexes, and abundant spindles.  There is a suggestion of a breach rhythm from the left central region.  
At 1900 hours, on the 29th, the patient had very vocal argument and was sitting on the push button, but no epileptiform features were seen.  When the nurses came into to do testing, he informed them that he was okay.   The patient’s speech is coherent.  
	IMPRESSION: This continuous video EEG monitoring is remarkable for:
The absence of clinical events. 
No epileptiform features were recorded.
Background slowing with bitemporal theta, which improved as medication doses were tapered. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG does not exclude the diagnosis of underlying epilepsy.  If appropriate, additional recording in an attempt to capture one of this patient’s spells is appropriate. 