MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Ativan, Bactrim  
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient received 2 mg of Ativan during the EEG. There is very little testing of the patient during the EEG, but he is laying with eyes open, motionless in the bed.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG includes a lower voltage, slow pattern with delta and theta. The most prominent features in this record are high amplitude sharp wave spike or polyspike maximum in the right posterior quadrant with some variability, sometimes P4 or 02 maximum, sometimes T6. In addition, recurrent seizures are characterized by rhythmic repetitive theta frequency activity and repetitive spike activity with frequency evolution. The seizures terminate abruptly. Seizure duration is 1 minute 40 seconds to 40 seconds in duration. As the recording continues, the seizures start to merge into a less discreet pattern.  
HR: 109 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Status epilepticus with a pattern maximum in the right posterior temporal region. 
LONG TERM MONITORING 11/24-2812010 EEG LTM 10-135  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates a low voltage slow pattern on the left. The right hemisphere has bursts of polyspike activity from the right central and parietal region. The patient is intubated and poorly responsive. In the initial section of the record at 4:06, the bursts continue to build up, wax and wane. By 5:01 p.m., interestingly, the EEG is more continuous and the bursts are disappearing. By 6:41, the EEG demonstrates a discontinuous pattern. Despite the use of a Versed drip over the course of the night, intermittent rhythmic seizures are observed typically in the right central parietal region. The EEG also varies a bit in terms of a burst suppression pattern or a more continuous pattern but the seizures do occur out of the burst suppression pattern. The Versed is titrated up to a dose of 7 mg. By 4 a.m., the seizures are not sustained. AI 7:56 a.m., the EEG is increasingly continuous. The well defined seizures are not identified but bursts of activity are identified out of the right. There is a fair amount of variability in the background ranging from a more continuous pattern to a burst suppression pattern and then this ongoing highly epileptogenic pattern from the right hemisphere. 
From 11/25/2010 to 11/26/2010: The patient remains on a Versed drip. The video is not available. The overall background includes a relatively suppressed or intermittent burst suppression pattern. The well-defined seizures noted originally were not noted in this epoch of the record. At the end of this section of the record, bursts of activity up to 7 seconds with epileptiform activity in the right central and parietal regions are noted but 
the epileptiform activity is not as high amplitude as previously. 
Later sections on 11/25/2010, demonstrate a more continuous pattern with right occipital and parietal occipital spiking and polyspike activity. The record is quite variable with some sections clearly showing the same burst suppression pattern seen previously. No clinical seizures are noted and the seizure and spike detection identifies the burst suppression with parietal or posterior spikes but no sustained seizures.   On 11/26/2010 to 11/27/2010: This section of the record demonstrates a pattern that is not always burst suppression. There are bursts of activity always with a spike in the right posterior region. There are no sustained or clinical or electrographic seizures, although when there are bursts of activity that are longer than 3 seconds in duration, it appears as If the patient is likely to seize. The seizure and spike detector captures the majority of the epileptiform activity. 
By 8:29 on 11/27/2010, the epileptiform activity is no longer occurring in bursts and it has transitioned to more of a periodic pattern. 
On 11/27/2010 to 11/28/2010: This section of the record demonstrates frequent occipital or occipital parietal spikes. The background ranges from a burst suppression pattern to more of a continuous low voltage theta pattern. On some occasions, the bursts of sharp waves appear in brief trains.   HR: 120 bpm  
IMPRESSION: Abnormal continuous EEG monitoring due to: 
1. Electrographic seizures noted in the first 24 hours of the record from the central parietal and posterior temporal regions. 
2. Burst suppression pattern. 
3. Bursts of epileptiform activity in the right posterior quadrant. 
4. Some periodic sharp waves. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG supports a highly irritative focus in the right posterior quadrant. Although no additional seizures were recorded, if the patient is still receiving a Versed or sedative hypnotic drip, that might explain the discontinuous pattern. If this patient is no longer receiving anesthetic levels of sedation, additional evaluation for global cerebral function is suggested. 
 