MEDICATIONS: Ativan, Keppra, Lamictal, Phenobarbital, Haldol 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. In the initial sections of the record, The patient is started on Phenobarbital and has an Ativan drip. The Phenobarbital is started on 11:26 a.m. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG includes a pattern with generous beta. The patient is somnolent in the early hours of the EEG and there are bursts of paroxysmal higher amplitude slowing. 
The patient is quite restless through the EEG. He has difficulty cooperating with the EEG monitoring and the electrodes are essentially uninterruptable on the morning of the 7th. 
There was a seizure reported at 3:30 in the morning. The patient remains on video camera at 3:30 in the morning. The video is reviewed. There is no evidence of a behavioral or electrographic seizure that can be identified on the video at 3:30 in the morning. 
The subsequent EEG recording on the 7th demonstrates an increase in the awake individual with a well defined alpha rhythm, generous beta. No intraictal epileptiform features are observed. Again, a well defined awake pattern is noted at 1:23 in the afternoon. 
Seizure time 4:00 p.m. 
A prolonged behavioral event is noted at 3:55p.m. with the patient rocking to the right and head turning to the right. This produces head rocking artifact in an otherwise awake individual. Tactile stimulation of the patient does not change the behavior and the patient looks away from the stimulus. 
The event is relatively long and at 4:00 p.m. the event stops abruptly and there are no postictal changes noted. Ativan was given which produced drowsiness. 
The patient is described as stiff at 4:07. The EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern. Another episode of head shaking is noted at 4:35 again, without a change in the EEG. Ongoing recording demonstrates an awake and drowsy pattern. 
The behaviors recorded are most supportive of a nonepileptic process. 
HR: 84 bpm
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Excess beta. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. The patient is extremely agitated, and he receives phenobarbital, Ativan, and Haldol. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, there is generous beta. Motor activity and behaviors were associated with an increase in muscle artifact, but no epileptiform activity. 
The patient is able to keep the EEG electrodes on, but they start to come off at 2:20. 
HR: 90 bpm 
IMPRESSION: This EEG monitoring session was remarkable for: 
1. Multiple behavior events without EEG correlate. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The excess beta may be associated with this patient's medications. No epileptiform features were noted. 