MEDICATIONS: Dilantin and Carbamazepine. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG is performed at bedside using 
standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing begins the patient is still somewhat 
postictal. The background EEG is diffusely slow. As the recording continues, including 
at 19:17 the background remains slow despite the fact that the patient is up and out of 
bed. Rhythmic theta is observed in the temporal regions. 
Event: 21:36:57. The patient is asleep in stage II sleep. His mother is sleeping at the 
bedside. The patient is asleep, he arouses abruptly with the onset of muscle activity. 
The background EEG demonstrates bursts of rhythmic high amplitude delta, followed by 
an awake pattern, and then the patient drifts off to sleep. There is no definitive change 
in the EEG. Interestingly, the heart rate in sleep is 90 beats per minute, and after the 
arousals slows to about 60 beats per minute. 
Random wakefulness in sleep: Much of the record includes stage II sleep with vertex 
waves, K-complexes and spindles. There are sharp waves observed in the right 
hemisphere which range from discrete to high amplitude sharp and slow wave 
complexes. There seems to be at some point early transition to slow wave sleep. 
Additional spontaneous arousals from sleep are observed. 
Event time: 02:08:00: The patient is asleep. The seizure line is still on. He has a high 
amplitude spike in his sleep and then he starts to just move in his sleep without any 
specific epileptiform or ictal pattern. He moves more abruptly in sleep. He is moving 
from side to side. There is no specific EEG pattern observed with event in sleep, but 
behaviorally he is motorically very active and he is reaching forward in sleep with his 
mother present. He is arousable and then returns back to sleep. Unfortunately, after 
this event, his mother comforts him and he starts to go back to sleep, but the electrode 
integrity is impaired. Subsequently, the electrodes are essentially lost. 
Tattoo is not performed during either events. 
Additional recording on the morning of July 23, 2008 continues to show right anterior 
temporal sharp waves and spikes. 
HR: 6_0.=90 b m 
IMPRES..ON:---1\ normal EEG aue o: 
1. Likely, 2 electrographic seizures characterized by posturing, elevation of 1 arm and 
brief confusion. 
2. Right anterior temporal sharp waves. 
3. Infrequent, but clearly present lower amplitude left anterior temporal sharp waves. 
4. Background slowing, improving over the course of the record. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: The 2 behaviors were recorded and were without a clear 
ictal signature, however, 1 of them was proceeded by a clear high amplitude right 
anterior temporal spike. In addition, the patient had automatisms and appeared to have 
been confused afterwards. 
This EEG is compatible with a complex partial mechanism for this patient's seizure. He 
appeared somewhat aggressive with the second seizure, a consideration for the 
environment that this individual is about to enter. 