MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Topamax, Ativan, Lovenox, Pantoprazole 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed in lab using standard 10ß20 system of 
electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient had been having seizure$ just prior and 
during the EEG. Hyperventilation and photic simulation are performed. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As t he tracing opens, the patient is poorly responsive 
verbally. She has frontally predominant spike and wave activity In a slow background noted at 
the beginning of the record at 1419. T he activity starts to transition to more of a frontal focus. It 
has an unusual dipole seeming to be negative In the lateral temporal regions, positive at the 
vertex. With the use of an average reference, the activity is clearly most prominent in the frontal 
regions with positive spike at FP1, F3 at times and then a negative spike in the same region. 
The activity continues with more a pattern or generalized spike and wave activity. Two mg 
Ativan Is administered at 4:25. The patient starts sitting up after the Ativan and asks to use the 
bed pan. After the Ativan and the bedpan, the activity Is not quite as prominent but persists. It is 
primarily a frontally predominant bilateral process, although a little more prominent on the left. 
Toward the close of the record, it starts to transition to bursts of faster frequency activity with 
bursts of alpha frequency activity in the frontal regions as was previously described which may 
represent an ictal pattern. This EEG ends at 1 56, so It essentially a 40 minute study. Additional 
Ativan is given and at 1552 when the patient is hooked up for EEG monitoring, the activity 
appears to be abating. By 1643, the patient has drifted off to stage II sleep and the seizures 
have ended. 
HR: 66bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
I. Prolonged seizures in the baseline EEG. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG is diagnostic of epilepsy. The pattern described above 
has features similar to previous patterns for this patient with very complex epilepsy. 