MEDICATIONS: 
INTRODUCTION: 
electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. 
but is responsive to stimuli. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: 
from both hemispheres is slow, disorganized. 
CLINICAL HISTORY: 62 year old woman of unknown handedness who had a seizure on 
06/21/2009, characterized by left arm and leg movements, eye deviation to the left, and 
impaired responsiveness; renal insufficiency, heart disease, heart failure, diabetes, and a 
subdural hematoma five years ago. 
Phenytoin, Plavix, Lisinopril, Synthroid, lsomonoitoate, Renagel, Zocor 
Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of 
The patient is on a face mask and appears quite ill 
The background EEG is markedly abnormal. The activity 
There is a high amplitude sharp wave observed 
on the right, particularly right frontotemporal, but with a generous field of spread. It seems to 
start at T4 and then spreads anteriorly to F8 and also posteriorly to C4. It has a polyspike 
component. There is some variability in the spike, and there also seems to be a different spike 
picked up at C4. In addition to this epileptiform activity, which is seen in every 1 0-second 
EPOC, there is also some periodic delta maximum in the right center temporal region, and the 
periodic delta seems to have a different periodicity than the epileptiform activity, which is more 
frontotemporal. Stimulation of the patient produces an increase in alpha and theta frequency 
activity in the background despite the prominent epileptiform activity. There are also some 
triphasic waves observed in the background. 
HR: 96 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Markedly abnormal EEG due to: 
1. 
Prominent epileptiform activity in the right hemisphere, particularly frontotemporalfrontocentral 
with a generous field of spread. 
2. 
Background slowing, particularly on the right. 
3. 
Periodic delta, right hemisphere 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: No seizures were recorded. This EEG supports a highly 
epileptogenic focus. Additional monitoring may be appropriate. 


