CLINICAL HISTORY: 49 year-old male presented with blackout spells versus seizures 
since January 2007, last event 1 week ago. History of alcohol abuse with associated 
confusion. 
MEDICATIONS: Diltiazem, Lisinopril, Lamictal. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EE G monitoring is performed in the unit using 
standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EK G. Computerized 
system of seizure and spike detection is employed. No seizures are observed by the 
patient, computer or clinical team. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EE G demonstrates asymmetric 
eye artifact, congruent with this patient's history of prosthetic eye. There are left anterior 
temporal spike and slow wave complexes and polyspike complexes observed in 
wakefulness through stage II sleep. Rare right temporal sharp waves are observed. 
Occasional left temporal intermittent rhythmic delta is observed. 
Reviewing the seizure and spike detector, although there are no clinical events, there is 
1 event out of sleep at 02:03:25 a.m. The patient has a high amplitude left anterior 
temporal polyspike followed by rhythmic delta picked up in the temporal regions on the 
left. Intermittent TIRD A is observed. Most of the time, this is on the left in the T1 and T2 
electrodes, but on other occasions, it is picked up at T1 and T2, but has more field on 
the right. 
HR: 72 bpm 
There is one more day and that is when we will dictate the impression and the 
conclusion. 
LONG-TERM MONITORING 11/15/2007 
INTRODUCTION: Continue video EE G monitoring is performed in the unit using 
standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient 
recalls no seizures during this section of the record. He reports no episodes of vertigo 
loss of awareness. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Background EEG demonstrates a well organized 
10 hertz posterior dominant rhythm. There is asymmetric eye artifact compatible with a 
right glass eye .Intermittent sharp waves are identified from the left temporal region as 
is occasional left temporal theta. The awake record demonstrates intermittent rhythmic 
delta. The sleep record is remarkable for a prominent accentuation with left anterior 
temporal spike and slow wave complexes, but left anterior temporal spike and slow 
wave complexes are also identified in wakefulness. The vast majority of epileptiform 
activity is on the left, but is occasionally observed on the right with right temporal spike 
and slow wave activity as well. 
HR: 72 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal continuous EEG monitoring due to: 
1. High amplitude left anterior temporal spike in slow wave and sharp and slow wave 
complexes identified in wakefulness and increasing in sleep. 
2. Rare right temporal sharp waves. 
3. Temporally predominant rhythmic delta and theta primarily on the left. 
CLINICAL CORRECTION: Consideration for a localization related mechanism for 
epilepsy is appropriate. 


