

CLINICAL HISTORY: 51 year old right handed female with refractory seizures. Seizure time 07:47:07. The patient has been in stage 2 sleep. Intermittent high amplitude left temporal sharp waves are observed. 

MEDICATIONS: Trileptal, Neurontin, 

INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard system of electrodes with 1 channel of EKG.: As the seizure begins, there is rhythmic delta activity with frequency evolution in the left anterior temporal region with the appearance of spike activity, rhythmic repetitive spikes or sharps at 04720. The patient has been asleep during the seizure and she starts to arouse relatively late in the seizure. At 0437 40 there is a car alarm and then 10 seconds later behaviorally she seems to be waking up looking to the right. A nurse enters late in the seizure at 0449 and notes that the patient is confused and unable to speak. 

The total seizure duration is 2 minutes in duration. 

Testing is performed in the post ictal section. The patient can answer with only automatic speech such as oh, oh, oh, and that's it or I don't know. She is not able to give her name until 04:51:24 appropriately a minute and a half after her seizure and she is actually still quite impaired. 

At 04:53:24 the nurse concludes her assessment and the patient drifts off to sleep. 

In the post ictal section of the record there is prominent dropout of faster frequency activity and as the patient drifts off the sleep in the early moming hours, there is again  prominent disruption of faster frequency activity although the right hemisphere suggests that she is just a little drowsy and the alpha rhythm comes and goes. Behaviorally, the patient appears to be asleep. The E..G lead was lost at the close of the seizure. 

This is a complex partial seizure, with good localization to the left anterior temporal region. 

Long-term monitoring 07/29 to 07/30. During this section of the record, the patient was not aware of any seizures. 

The EEG monitoring demonstrates good quality recording for wakefulness only. Unfortunately, due to electrode problems, there is no good quality sleep noted and no additional epileptiform abnormalities were identified in the second section of the record. 

LONG TERM MONITORING-07/31/2010 

INTRODUCTION: During this section of the record, the patient reports no seizures. None are reported by the clinical team. The seizure and spike detector was reviewed. 

DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: In wakefulness, the background EEG includes a well-organized 9.8 Hz alpha rhythm. In sleep, there are occasional left anterior temporal sharp waves. Sleep is relatively disrupted. Deeper stages of sleep are identified including stage II and even the beginning of stage III. No seizures can be identified. The spike detector was reviewed and the time sample which included 4 to 5 a.m. was reviewed in search of additional seizures. 

HR: 60pm 

IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. High amplitude left anterior temporal spike. 
2. Sharps in sleep and drowsiness. 

CLINICAL CORRELATION: One left temporal/complex partial seizure was identified. The vast majority of epileptiform activity was left. There was a section at 3:34 which may represent alpha delta sleep with frontal delta but no definitive seizure. 



