CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 5-year-old female with epilepsy.  History of hydrocephalus, blindness, seizures, multiple shunts including skull defects in the left frontal region and extensive skull defects and shunts in the right posterior quadrant.    Last seizure 12/04.  Patient is a preemie, born at 36-weeks gestation by C-section weighing 7 lbs. 5 oz. 
MEDICATIONS: Topamax. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic stimulation were performed.  This is an awake and drowsy record. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Limited wakefulness is identified. In wakefulness, the patient has her eyes opened and eyes closed.  There is no well-defined alpha rhythm.  There is an intrahemispheric asymmetry identified in wakefulness with a bit more slower arrhythmic 3 to 4 Hz activity, and a bit more theta from the left central region compared to the right.  There is some rhythmic approximately 3 Hz activity in the occipital scalp regions, but without a clearly defined alpha-type reactivity.  Features of sleep include spindles.   
The major abnormalities in this record are identified in wakefulness and drowsiness and even into stage II sleep.  These include high amplitude spike and wave and poly spike and slow wave complexes.  The majority of the epileptiform activity is maximum in the right hemisphere with generous fields of spread and may be maximum at C4, P4, or O2, most typically in the occipital scalp region.  Using a circle montage, the right and left occipital regions can be compared and sometimes the activity is maximum on the left at O1.  There are also occasional independent FP1 sharp waves identified.  
HR:  66 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for a child of this age due to:
	Epileptiform activity from the right hemisphere, which is primarily in the right posterior quadrant including right occipital and centroparietal with occasional poly spike and slow activity.
	Occasional spike and slow wave activity from the left frontal region.  
	Generalized background slowing and organization.
	4.	Superimposed focal slowing with slower delta and less faster theta frequency activity from the right. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: These features are similar to a previous EEG 9/3/04 and supports an epileptiform pathology from the right hemisphere as well as the left.  The focal findings may be correlated with imaging and clinical state.  No seizures were recorded.  In comparison to a previous study, there was no significant generalized paroxysmal fast activity.  


