CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 5½-month-old male with chromosome 7 deletion syndrome with infantile spasms.
MEDICATIONS: Prednisone and Klonopin.
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The child is somewhat drowsy, not fully awake, but moving throughout much of the EEG. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates both an awake and asleep pattern.  There are portions of the record with apparent stage II sleep with some vertex waves and evidence of a spindle.  There are also focal epileptiform discharges including the independent and high amplitude spike and slow waves in the left temporal region seen in the transition into sleep.  The focal epileptiform activity is primarily in the left mid-to-anterior temporal region ranging from small discrete sharp waves to high amplitude spike and slow waves with generous fields of spread including to the frontal regions. However, there are some that are right mid-temporal and others that are right frontocentral.  In sleep, after some of the spindle-like activity, there is a 1.5 to 2 second, almost flattening with a high amplitude delta followed by flattening.  The child has some spontaneous sucking and movements during the EEG and after the spindle there is again a burst of high amplitude delta and then almost on the left a decremental phenomenon but without clinical correlates.  This may be seen as often as once every 20 seconds.  The vast majority of the spindles are symmetric, but occasionally they are asymmetric seen in one hemisphere or the other.  In sleep, the child has some movements where he seems to have a little bit of sucking movement and he elevates his arm, but he doesn’t have typical infantile spasms and the activity is not clearly different than normal infant behavior, and there does not appear to be an EEG correlate for that behavior.  There are no EEG correlates for the electrodecremental phenomenon seen spontaneously in sleep.    Towards the close of the record, just prior to the tech stimulating the child, the EEG is intermittently discontinuous.  Stimulation of the patient does produce an arousal, but there is no clear electrodecremental response.  
HR:  120 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for a infant of this age due to:
Multifocal spike and slow wave discharges.
A clearly discontinuous EEG identified as the child is stimulated at the close of the record.
An unusual pattern in stage II sleep, with what appears to a suppression after spindle.
CLINICAL CORRELATION: New features in this EEG include the presence of focal epileptiform activity.  The overall background in this record does demonstrate some improvement.  No seizures were recorded. 


