MEDICATIONS: Propofol, Phenobarbital, Diovan, Zocor, ISOSORBIDE, HCTZ, Levothyroxine, Plavix, ASA, Darvoct, Protonix, Lovenox, Metoprolol, Zosyn, Thiamine 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG was preformed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. During the course of the record, the patient's phenobarbital reaches 50. She has occasional clinical seizures twitching In her right hand and eye blinking. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG varies from a very low voltage suppressed pattern to 1 with a bit of theta and then a sharp wave in the right hemisphere with a generous field of spread. The activity at this point seems to start at T1 with a complex field of spread and it is primarily in the left hemisphere. As the recording continues including into the early morning hours on the 5th, there is some intermittent asymmetric discontinuity, but in fact as the phenobarbital level, moves toward 50, there is a bit more of a rhythmic background. 
An electrographic seizure occurs at 5:36 a.m. The video camera is on the left of the patient and the patient's left arm jerks, but the other side cannot be identified. The activity begins at 53602 and must be localized to the left hemisphere. The activity continues and the patient's right face can seen to be jerking at 5:37. A clinician is at the bedside and walks away during the event, but then returns and provides oral hygiene during the seizure. 
Following the seizure, the sharp waves are noted primary in the left hemisphere with rhythmic theta and some sharp waves at F8. Additional seizures are picked up by the seizure spike detector. At 7:42, include a burst of sharp waves at 12:46 on the afternoon of the 4th. A more clear seizure at 12:47, again similar to the event described initially although the patient is under the covers and it is not possible to see that she is twitching, 1:47, 2:15, 3:18, p.m. 3:55 which does not particularly build up until 4:20, 4:54, 5:42, 6:26 p.m. More significant, repetitive seizures are noted occurring 1-2 times per hour out of the left on the evening of the 4th and this pattern persists into the early morning hours on the 5th. By the morning of the 5th, however, the seizure pattern seems to have stopped. There is intermittent seizures, but no more sustained discharges. 