MEDICATIONS: Keppra, Dilantin 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. The patient is described as seizing. She is on the video lying in bed. Little is identified in terms of the clinical characteristics of her seizure even though the patient is on video and she is being examined by a doctor. She seems to move the right, but not so much the left. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: As the tracing begins, the patient is experiencing a seizure characterized by repetitive sharp waves in the right temporal region superimposed upon a relatively slow background. She seems to be breathing a bit heavily and in the very beginning of the record, in this very dark recording, she seems to be looking to the left and it would be a good guess to say that she has oral automatisms. Physician comes and works with the tech as this seizure ends. Precise duration is a bit unclear, but we capture at least a minute of the seizure and then immediately afterward, sharp waves build up again first out of the right frontocentral region and then onwards toward the temporal region. The clinical team describes facial twitching. A diagnosis of focal status epilepticus is made and the epileptiform activity seems to start right frontocentral and end up right temporal. Its rich epileptiform pattern with repetitive sharp waves, sometimes fast activity and focal sharp waves which have various maximums in the frontal, central or temporal region. Ativan is given 11 minutes into the recording. Another dose is given 5 minutes later. The epileptiform activity persists, but it begins to slow down and in fact by 11:18, two minutes after the 2nd Ativan dose, the overall background is markedly slow and suppressed, particularly slow and suppressed on the left, but the sharp waves and seizures continue to build up and slow down out of the right frontocentral and right mid posterior temporal regions. 
At 11:2 5, the patient continues to seize although the seizures are becoming a little bit more discrete and they are starting to cluster. 
By 11:32, the EEG has returned pretty much to its previous pattern of more prolonged seizures and by 11:37, there are bursts of sharp waves in a record that is intermittently discontinuous on the right. This 45 minute bedside portable ICU record ends with some improvement with more discrete bursts of epileptiform activity, but the patient is basically continuing to have prominent epileptiform activity at the very end of the record, but without more sustained seizures. 
IMPRESSION AND CLINICAL CORRELATION: Focal status epilepticus. 