INTRODUCTION: Long-term video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. There are no clinical seizures noted by the team.  There are test push button events. 
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: The background EEG demonstrates some portions of the record with prolonged focal slowing from the left temporal region with sharp waves and spikes.  In sleep, there is frontal delta and occasional vertex waves.  The overall background is slow from both hemispheres, particularly from the left temporal region.  Review of the Stellate detections identifies primarily left temporal, irregular, high amplitude focal slowing and sharp waves.  
Rare spikes from the right hemisphere are seen. 
Subclinical seizures are seen at 12:13 and 12:54.  The patient is asleep, lying on one side.  Trains of high amplitude, left anterior temporal spike and slow wave activity are identified.  The onset is relatively clear at 12:54, but the off set is a bit more complicated although it is clearly over by 12:59 AM.  A similar discharge is noted at 00:16:44.  
Stage II sleep is characterized by spindles and can be seen at 4:24 AM.  The focal epileptiform activity is again seen at this time.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, March 1, 2006 to March 2, 2006
MEDICATIONS: Topiramate, Valproate, and others. 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring is performed in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Practice push buttons were recorded, but no clinical seizures were observed by the patient or caregivers. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The seizure file demonstrates intermittent, prolonged bursts of spike and slow wave and focal slowing from the left.  In some cases, these are on the order of minutes, but there is no clear postictal slowing or off set, although there are also portions where this activity has disappeared.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: The patient is drowsy throughout much of the record.  The waking record at times demonstrates rhythmic background slowing with primarily a theta frequency pattern and at other times there are left temporal sharp waves or spikes.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, March 2, 2006 to March 3, 2006
?SEIZURE TIME - 16:08: The patient is in bed, lying on his left side.  He had some occasional automatisms.  In contrast to previous sections of the record, there seems to be an initially 9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm identified.  There is a fair amount of background muscle artifact and the EEG is best reviewed with both a 60 Hz and 35 Hz filter.  It is noted that at 16:05, the patient seems to be awake, but he is in his usual state of delta.  He has some spontaneous movements, which would suggest that the presence of the 8 to 9 Hz alpha frequency activity is actually pathologic in this patient.  Because the first changes actually resemble normal cerebral activity, it is a bit difficult to be entirely certain where the seizure begins.  At 16:06, the background slowing is noted from the right, but the left seems to be a bit more attenuated.  At 16:07, there are rhythmic, repetitive sharp waves from the left.  This is a more prolonged discharge and has some evidence for frequency evolution. The alpha frequency activity appears at 16:07:47.  During this time, there are no clear clinical correlates for this event.  However, at  16:08:17, the activity that looks like normal alpha activity is likely pathologic in this individual.  At 16:08:28, the right arm movements are identified.  They are initially non-specific, but then are somewhat repetitive.  They do produce some artifact, surprisingly more so than one would expect.  The repetitive circular movements continue.  They are at times almost slow and intermittent and at 16:08:46, there is a background of alpha frequency activity bilaterally with rhythmic 3 to 5 Hz activity picked up in the T1-T2 electrodes.  The activity seems to be slowing with a bit more arrhythmic delta activity, particularly in the temporal regions, with some field of spread to the right at 16:08:54.  The patient remains lying on his left side, paying attention to the left, with sporadic jerking in the minutes that follow.  The background at 16:10 may be slower than previously identified.  Additional high amplitude left anterior temporal spikes are seen at 16:10, which is a non-sustained burst.  An individual enters and leaves the room at 16:13.  The individual can’t be heard on camera and seems to be just off camera.  Mr. Davis is noted to be somewhat tremulous and that individual’s observation may be what led to the nurse entering the room at 16:19 and pushing the button.  Mr. Davis appears confused in this section of the record, with the caregiver holding his hand.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: Much of the drowsy record is a pattern of theta with small amounts of beta.  The trains of sharp waves and spikes seen from the left were not seen at those other times.  
CLINICAL NOTE: The precise description of the behavior described in the nurse’s note is not possible to define.  
In the sleep recording, there were occasional sharp waves noted from the right with some independent right and left temporal sharp waves.  The alpha frequency activity picked up in the clinical seizure seen at 16:07 was not seen at any other time and differed substantially from other portions of the record, some of which do demonstrate sustained left temporal discharges.  There are occasional left temporal sharp waves, but the majority are from the right.  
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, March 3, 2006 to March 4, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG demonstrates prominent portions of the record with rhythmic continuous theta and sharply contoured slowing, as well as sharp waves from the left temporal region.  These include 14:37 when the patient gets up to go to the bathroom.  At that time, there does seem to be some frequency evolution, the patient is with the nurse who notes no clinical change.  While the patient is off camera in the bathroom, the EEG activity does seem to accelerate and afterwards the rhythmic slowing and sharp waves are less prominent.  Single channel artifact is then picked up at 14:46.  
Push buttons for this 24-hour section are reviewed and no seizures are seen in association with the push buttons. 
The overnight recording for the patient is remarkable for sequential loss of electrodes and great amounts of artifact. Reviewing the seizure detection file, no additional seizures are identified. 
Long-Term EEG Monitoring, March 4, 2006 to March 5, 2006
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The patient has multiple push buttons when he is in need of things.  These include 9:27 AM, 11:00, 11:02, and 13:35.  This section of the record includes many Stellate detections, all of which are artifact.  There are portions of the record with rhythmic mixed theta and delta.  
SEIZURE TIME 10:28:45: The patient is in bed on the morning of the 5th.  He was previously asleep in stage II sleep with vertex wave, K complexes, and spindles.  In the time samples previous to this including 10:24, there are trains of spike and slow wave and sharp waves seen from the left temporal region.  There are rare sharp waves identified from the right.  Immediately prior to the discharge, there is some focal slowing and sharp waves, but not as persistent in nature as seen in other epochs of the record.  The first ictal change is seen at 10:28:45 with a burst of low voltage alpha/beta frequency activity.  This is in the left mid-to-posterior temporal regions, spreading to the posterior temporal region at 10:28:55 and then to the anterior temporal region ten seconds later.  The patient is lying on his side, under the sheets.  It is difficult to know which hand starts to tremble, but once the head starts to move at 10:29:25, it is clear that it is the right hand 20 seconds later.  The right hand extends and there are circular movements.  The right hand and then right leg demonstrate tonic and then tonic-clonic activity at 10:29:55.  More generalized tonic-clonic activity is seen ten seconds later.  By 10:32:25, the ictal activity starts to slow with rhythmic paroxysmal slowing.  The seizure demonstrates a clear paroxysmal pattern with slowing and a great deal of muscle and movement artifact.  The precise ending of the seizure is partly obscured by muscle and movement artifact, but it seems to be over by 10:33:35.  The patient has a prolonged and profound postictal period with background slowing.  The video indicates a prolonged period where he is trying to sit up.  He seems to be having difficulty using his right side and he falls backwards in bed.  He starts sliding out of bed at 10:39:05 and at 10:40:06 falls on the floor.  Shortly after this, the clinical team enters and notes that the patient is confused and cannot answer questions lucidly.  As the patient recovers, he is lying in bed and again the left temporal sharp and slow wave activity is identified.  The total seizure duration for this individual is approximately four minutes with a relatively prolonged onset prior to the first ictal change, with clear scalp localization in the temporal regions. 
SEIZURE TIME 18:10: The patient is sitting in a chair at 18:12:33.  The nurse enters and hands the patient something.  He takes medicine and swallows at 18:12:41.  At 18:12:48, he has a cup of water and medicine in his hand.  The nurse is at the bedside.  At 18:12:54, there is a clear change in frequency of the background with this rhythmic, faster alpha frequency activity.  The patient is sitting.  The nurse is partially obscuring the patient.  He seems to have some automatic behaviors on the right and the left.  The nurse can determine that something is wrong at 18:13:02 when he has an abrupt motor movement.  Unfortunately, the nurse reaches across to help the patient and obscures the camera view of the patient.  The nurse on the camera indicates that there is rapid, clonic activity at 18:13:11.  The video indicates that this is on the right.  The patient seems to have partial impairment of awareness at 18:13:30 and 40, seemingly trying to help the nurse, but then by 18:13:45, this is much more generalized with vocalization.  The clinical team completely obscures the patient, but behind them he seems to be having a tonic-clonic seizure.  This seems to be asymmetric with much more significant tonic-clonic activity on the right compared to the left.  The activity demonstrates frequency evolution, starting to slow at 18:14:25.  The patient remains slumped to the left side at 18:14:36.  The precise end of this seizure is a little difficult to determine.  It is abating by 18:15:24 and is clearly over by 18:15:33.  Total seizure duration is three minutes.  Postictally, there is a fair amount of slowing in the background.  The EKG lead is obscured.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: There is a fair amount of movement artifact when the patient is up and out of bed.  The overall background when he is awake is slow on the right, and intermittently from the left hemisphere there are bursts and trains of left temporal focal slowing and spikes, most of which are in the mid-to-anterior temporal region.  There are also occasional spike and slow wave complexes noted from the right, particularly in the posterior temporal region.  This section of the overnight recording is remarkable for a fair amount of wakefulness captured late at night.  On one or two occasions, he does seem to have an alpha rhythm on the right.  The EKG lead is uninterpretable.  Notable in this section of the record are frequent left temporal spikes.  Review of this section of the record, using the Stellate seizure detection software, identifies no additional clinical seizures with a burst of fast activity from the left temporal region.  


