CLINICAL HISTORY: 56 year old male with recent left craniotomy, now for evaluate with right hand shaking.
MEDICATIONS: Dilantin, Keppra, Depakote, Morphine, Codeine, Valproic Acid
 
INTRODUCTION: Continuous digital video EEG monitoring was performed bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG. The patient is Intubated and somewhat poorly responsive.
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: The background EEG is quite slow, slower than the baseline. Much of the previously-described focal slowing on the left is not as apparent as the overall pattern is lower voltage and oonsiderably slower. With a higher sensitivity of 3 microvolts/mm, discrete spikes can be seen at C3. There are no push button detections and no notations on the record that the clinical-team thought that seizures were occurring. Stimulation of the patient produces an alerting response with eye opening and a higher amplitude background. In addition, with stimulation, there is an arousal. Over the course of the EEG recording, there are some problems with electrode integrity but the overall EEG starts to return to its previously described pattern with a higher amplitude background and a bit more cerebral activity on the right compared to the left. In addition, the prominent C3 sharp waves start to 
emerge at 4:15 in the morning. By 7 a.m., there are intermittent discrete sharps at C3 and by 10 a.m., these seem to be waning. The overall background seems to be returning to more of a theta pattern on the right with focal slowing on the left and relatively frequent C3 sharp waves. 
No clinical seizures are documented in the data provided. 
HR: 120 bpm 
IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG due to: 
1. Focal slowing on the left, somewhat improving, over time. 
2. Discrete left central sharp waves, mostly at C3╖. 
3. Significant background slowing which does improve over the course of the EEG. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: Additional clinical history would be quite helpful for this Individual, particularly as the background slowing did improve over time. 
 


