	CLINICAL HISTORY: 	55 year old man, status post craniectomy in the past with recent cranioplasty performed.  He had several witnessed tonoclonic seizures.  He is now intubated in the ICU with multiple sedatives and hypnotic medications.  Of note, his propofol and Versed drips have been stopped at the end of the record.
MEDICATIONS:  Baclofen, Insulin, Protonix, Codeine,  Vanco, Dilantin, Phenobarbital, Cefepime, Flagyl, Hydralazine, Labetalol, Zofran
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The background EEG demonstrates a discontinuous pattern with intermittent bursts of activity. There are sharp waves identified at T2, T4,  and some which face reversal on the left. In  contrast to previous sections of the record,  most of the sharp waves are now mid-temporal, some of which involve T1 and a few which are more clearly from the left. The bursts of activity are 1 to
3 seconds in duration.  The recording concludes on the 16th.  At that time the EEG remains discontinuous and suppressed. Over the course of this record, the patient has multiple other medical challenges including respiratory difficulties. This section of the EEG is interpreted until 5:40 on the evening of the 16th.  Small discreet sharp waves are noted in the right centrotemporal region and at FV but not at 02.  There are no sustained ictal discharges.  No prolonged seizures were reported.
LONG TERM MONITORING 12/16/2009-09-125
INTRODUCTION:  Continuous digital video EEG monitoring was performed at bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel of EKG.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The EEG demonstrates an intermittently discontinuous record with sharply contoured activity. The activity now is slow but sharply contoured and is identified in the bifrontal regions as well as left central and posterior temporal.  The activity is intermittently discontinuous and periods of discontinuity are on the order of seconds.  Intermittently, there is faster frequency activity  in the right anterior temporal.  No sustained ictal bursts are noted.  No clinical seizures are observed.  By the early evening of the 17th, the background EEG is slower
than previously noted.  There are sharp waves which can be right frontal, bilateral bifrontal, and some of which are now phase reversing on the left. There is no indication about medications but in the absence of additional medications, the EEG is certainly more suppressed raising the possibility of either worsening cerebral pattern or higher doses of sedative hypnotic medications. There are more discrete sharp waves noted in this record.
	HR:	100 bpm
IMPRESSION:  Interval impression:  The close of this record suggests a slower pattern and in the absence of sedative  hypnotic medications potentially worsening background.
LONG TERM MONITORING 12/17/2009 -09-125
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The background EEG demonstrates an increasingly slow, burst suppression pattern with sharp waves identified from either hemisphere.   The sections of the EEG with activity are increasingly brief. The overall pattern is lower voltage, more suppressed, and more fragmented. There is little in the way of variability or reactivity.
	HR: 	100  bpm
IMPRESSION:  The long term monitoring today demonstrates an increasingly slow suppressed pattern. These findings must be evaluated within the clinical context of increasing use of phenobarbital, although the level is not remarkably high, as well as worsening CNS pathology.
LONG TERM MONITORING 12/18/2009-09125
DESCRIPTION OF  THE RECORD: This  is a very disorganized and discontinuous EEG.   There are high amplitude sharp waves bilaterally. Compared to prior they were more central on the right but in this EEG they transitioned more to the frontal regions bilaterally. There is also intermittent slowing and suppression.   Also compared to priors there are more bilateral spikes.  The spikes do not evolve into seizure activity.
	HR: 	96 bpm
IMPRESSION:  Abnormal EEG that is more suppressed with the presence of bilateral spikes.
CLINICAL CORRELATION:   In  this patient status post cranioplasty with known history of status epilepticus.  The EEG is still suppressed,  but improved. There are bilateral spikes but these do not evolve into seizure activity.
LONG TERM MONITORING 12/19/2009 to 12/21/2009
INTRODUCTION:  Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the ICU using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. Hyperventilation and photic simulation are performed. The patient is intubated. He opens his eyes. In fact, the tech notes that he is somewhat interactive.
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD:  The background EEG demonstrates a low to medium amplitude mixed theta delta pattern. Superimposed upon this is a relatively frequent, right frontal sharp wave. The frontal sharp waves have somewhat periodic characteristics. The frontal waxes and wanes, but does not evolve into clinical or subclinical seizures. In addition, there are some bifrontal periodic sharp waves (GPEDS).
	HR: 	105 bpm
IMPRESSION:  Abnormal EEG due to:
	1. 	Generalized background slowing.
	2. 	Right frontal sharp waves somewhat periodic.
	3.	Occasional bifrontal sharp waves.
'-·
CLINICAL CORRELATION:  Overall, the EEG is significantly improved. It is not a burst suppression pattern. There are no subclinical seizures. Of note, however, the epileptiform activity has been in multiple territories in the right hemisphere for this individual. Epileptiform activities on the left has been noted since the 18th. 
	


