CLINICAL HISTORY: 82-year-old female with history  of epilepsy, dementia, and old stroke  in  the past  who  presented status  post fall leading to seizure activity.
	MEDICATIONS:	Aspirin, Trileptal,  Aricept
		INTRODUCTION:	Digital  video EEG  performed in  the  laboratory using standard  10/20 system of electrode  placement and one lead of EKG  channel. 		The   EEG is performed with photic  stimulation, and the record is  performed through  awakeness going through drowsiness.
							DESCRIPTION   OF  THE  RECORD:		The background EEG  is markedly abnormal.	There is  a mixture of theta  and delta. 	There is  a periodic complex observed  in the posterior  quadrant.	This has an unusual  field and has  significant bilateral representation, but  when reviewed  with  different montages  is clearly maximum  in the right  posterior quadrant T6,	02 but also  involves  the  left occipital  region as well. 	The complexes do not  evolve  but  are seen intermittently  and irritatively with prominent after going swell activity. 	Photic stimulation does not activate the record.
HR:    68 bpm
	IMPRESSION: 	Abnormal EEG due   to:
	1.	Markedly  abnormal  background
	2. 	Prominent, periodic activity  in the occipital regions, right greater  than the left.
		CLINICAL   CORRELATION:	No  seizures  are recorded but this EEG suggests  a highly irritative process. 	Additional EEG  recording is advised.
Long-Term Monitoring  August 18,  2007
	INTRODUCTION:	Continuous video  EEG  monitoring is  performed  in the unit  using standard 10-20 system of electrode  placement with
1 channel of EKG.  No  clinical seizures  are observed by the patient,  nurse or family.
			DESCRIPTION  OF THE RECORD:	The background of  the  EEG  continues to demonstrate  an intermittently  markedly abnormal EEG  with focal  sharp waves, particularly right occipital parietal, generalized periodic complexes and triphasic waves.	There  are also  occasional  sharp waves from the  left. Stimulation of the patient clearly produces  an increase in theta. 	There is  great variability  in the record with some  sections of the record
demonstrating less  of the epileptiform activity,  particularly in
sleep.
	INTRODUCTION:	Digital  video EEG  monitoring  was performed in the long-term monitoring unit  using standard 10/20 system of electrode  placement with 1 channel of EKG. Over  the course of
the  24-hour recording,  no clinical  seizures are observed.  In
addition, the patient's  mental status  appears to improve.
Testing is  performed  on many occasions at  the bedside with the patient  and the family present.
Long-Term Moniting August  18,  2007
		DESCRIPTION  OF  THE RECORD:	In  the  initial portion of the record, at the bedside, occasional facial  twitching  and foot twitching is observed.  The overall background is markedly abnormal with a mixture of theta  and arrhythmic delta  activity. Multiple different  epileptiform abnormalities are observed including some  generalized periodic complexes, 	some triphasic waves,   some focal  sharp waves in the right posterior quadrant and even some from the  left.
	Stimulation of the patient is  performed by the  family  on the evening  of  August 17 and clearly  produces an alerting response with a decrease in epileptiform activity  as well as an increase in richness of theta. 	With  tactile stimulation,  the patient awakens and provides  1 or 2 words. The sleep  record  is notable for a decrease in epileptiform discharges. By  the  morning of August  1 8,    however, the  background includes  a pattern of theta followed  by some periodic complexes and/or focal  complexes.
There are  also  some triphasic waves with  characteristic anterior to posterior lag.
	The family  visits  the patient at 11:00 a. m.   Stimulation of the patient again produces an increase in  theta  frequency activity and to  some extent,  decreases the epileptiform features. 	Her long-term  monitor for this 24 hours  should  be  LTM7-80
Long-Term Monitoring  August 19,  2007
	INTRODUCTION:	August 19 through  August 20.  This  is the third day   of her LTM.  Continuous EEG  monitoring is  performed in the unit. Patient is observed to  have an improving mental status. No clinical  seizures are observed.
			DESCRIPTION   OF  THE  RECORD:	Background EEG  demonstrates  an overall improvement with  increasing amounts of theta  and less arrhythmic delta.  Although there is some  generalized periodic complexes  and  some focal periodic complexes observed  in the record, the epileptiform activity  is decreasing  on the  19th.  In sleep,  right  parietotemporal sharp waves are  observed.  The stimulation of the patient produces an increase  in  theta frequency activity. Stimulation of the patient  also seems  to decrease triphasic like wave forms as  well  as  some epileptiform activity. As  the recording continues,	there  is  a clear transition to fewer portions  of the general ized periodic complexes, 	focal epileptiform activity  and triphasic waves.  In addition,  there  are fewer sharp waves observed in  the  left hemisphere with  more of  the  sharp  waves observed  on the right.
	Behaviorally,	the patient  is increasingly active.
	HR: 	84  bpm
	IMPRESSION: 	Abnormal continuous  video EEG  monitor in session due to:
	1.	Markedly abnormal  background with  initially a very  slow
background with arrhythmic  delta  with a mixture of theta  and delta.
		2. 		Multiple,	complex  epileptiform  discharges including generalized periodic complexes some of  which are fairly predominant,  occipitally predominant  complexes and triphasic waves as well  as  some sharp waves in  the  left.
	3. 	Myoclonus observed  initially on the  first evening of recording.
CLINICAL    CORRELATION:     No   sustained   seizures   were   recorded   in 
		this  record. Overall,	the background improved over time as might be seen in a resolving  post ictal pattern.	The  overall
background remains  abnormal,  compatible  with an underlying
encephalopathy as might be observed as dementia.
Long-Term Monitoring  August 20,  2007
			DESCRIPTION   OF  THE RECORD:	The EEG  demonstrates a markedly abnormal background.  Although there are frontally  predominant, relatively symmetric triphasic waves,	there is  also focal epileptiform activity  including right parietal occipital, bicipital and  even  some in the left  frontotemporal  region.  The overall background is markedly slow with a mixture of  theta and there are intermittent  bursts of prolonged 1.5-second  arrhythmic delta that can follow both the  sharp waves and the  triphasic waves. Stimulation of the patient is  observed later on in  the record when the  phone is ringing. It may  be the case that  that stimulation  at  that  time demonstrates an electrodecremental response or a flattening  of the background,	although  the  phone seemed  to have started  ringing beforehand. That section of the record is  unique in that there is  much more of  a drop out  of theta  on the left compared to the right and there is more arrhythmic  slowing on the  right.
HR:   66  bpm and  irregular.
	IMPRESSION: 	Markedly abnormal EEG due   to:
1.   An abnormal background with  a mixture  of theta  and slow delta.
	2. 	Triphasic  waves.
		3.	Focal or generalized  sharp waves including  occipital, 	right
parietal occipital and left frontotemporal.
		CLINICAL   CORRELATION:	Although no seizures  were recorded, this EEG  has both a highly irritative process as well as a diffuse disturbance of cerebral function.  Triphasic waves can be seen  in metabolic disturbances, 		but they may  also  be seen in  other clinical settings.


