CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 5-day-old, 39-week gestational age infant born by C-section because of “mom positive PNC.”  Patient had an episode of apnea with a heart rate of 10 and coded on 3/15/06.  On 3/17/06, she had lip smacking.  Initial APGAR 7, 8, 5.  Phenobarbital level 17.3. 
MEDICATIONS: Ativan, Acyclovir, Phenobarbital, Fentanyl, and dopamine. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside in the neonatal ICU using neonatal montage and standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. The infant is stimulated during the EEG. The neonatal montage included an EMG monitor, EKG, double distance electrodes, and eye monitoring.  The Thermistor was not employed.  
DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: This EEG demonstrates multiple abnormalities for an infant of this gestational age.  The activity in the two hemispheres is more asynchronous than would be anticipated.  There are portions where there is discontinuity and the discontinuity may be symmetric, but it may also be asymmetric and at times rather than being a trace alternans, it is compatible with a trace discontinu pattern. There are excessive sharp waves identified in the background with maximum at C3, occasionally C4 and T4.  There is some fast activity seen from the left hemisphere, some of which has the morphology of a delta brush, but others appear to be more irregular in nature and does not have the comb shape of a delta brush.  There is also some sharply contoured theta activity occurring with brief trains in the central regions.  The technologist uses the EMG monitor, which indicates at times that the child is moving about even when at some times the activity is somewhat discontinuous.  Evidence of variability in terms of emergence of a sleep state is seen in the record with some portions of the record demonstrating delta.  Out of the sleep pattern, the patient cycles in and out of a probable sleep pattern and there is some fast activity in the left posteriotemporal regions.  
HR:  150 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: Abnormal EEG for an infant of this age due to:
A pattern that is less mature than would be anticipated for gestational age. 
Excessive sharp waves seen from either hemisphere more remarkable from the left particularly the central regions.
Pathologic-appearing fast activity from the left.
Asynchronicity, and at times a discontinuous pattern. 
CLINICAL CORRELATION: This EEG demonstrates sharp waves, but no seizures were recorded.  Correlation with imaging may be valuable.  


