CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a __-year-old woman with epilepsy with acute, aggressive, and intermittently paranoid behavior.  
MEDICATIONS: Phenobarbital and Keppra. 
INTRODUCTION: Digital video EEG is performed at the bedside using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with one channel of EKG. 
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: In wakefulness, the background is well organized with a 9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm and a generous amount of low voltage, frontocentral beta activity.  Drowsiness is characterized by attenuation of the alpha rhythm and there are vertex waves and spindles in stage II sleep. There is some rocking artifact picked up in the later portions in the left temporal region with likely underlying slowing, but some problems with the left probes at that time.  
EVENTS: There was an event recorded in the nursing log at 8:30 PM with generalized shaking of the body for 30 minutes followed by a headache.  Unfortunately, the EEG system was frozen at that time.  
TIME EVENT 21:12:22: The tech enters to restart the system.  At that time, the patient is initially unresponsive and then shakes her head from side to side.  The EEG demonstrates a normal awake pattern at that time. 
No additional events are noted in that time portion. 
Long-Term Monitoring 12/13/03 to 12/14/03
No seizures were reported by the nurse, the patient, or the clinical team.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: During this portion of the record, the patient appears to be picking at her electrodes and the valuable portion of the record is primarily the early, awake section.  Although there is significant technical limitations, the background demonstrates a normal awake pattern with generous beta activity and a small amount of theta.  No epileptiform features are identified in the interpretable portion of the record. 
Long-Term Monitoring 12/14/03 to 12/15/03
EVENT TIME 17:01: The patient has an event at 17:01:31.  She has generalized shaking up until 17:01:51.  This is soft, with a back-to-back component.  After the onset, she has some vocalizations or some oral noises.  It ends with a somewhat slowing of the motor activity rather than an abrupt cessation. She remains verbally unresponsive for an extended period of time after the seizure is over and doesn’t start talking until 17:07.  Despite this, the EEG shows a normal awake pattern immediately after the motor activity stops.  
RANDOM WAKEFULNESS AND SLEEP: In wakefulness, the background EEG is well organized.  There is generous background beta activity.  The patient appears to have disrupted sleep.  She works with the nurses throughout this 24-hour section of the recording and, as a result, deeper stages of sleep are not achieved.  
HR:  72 BPM.
	IMPRESSION: This 72-hour video EEG is remarkable for: 
Generous background beta.
Two events occurred, only one of these was recorded and was not associated with an EEG change.  For an individual with generalized motor activity, there were no postictal changes and this behavior is most compatible with a non-epileptic seizure. 


